knightmare chess is a fantasy chess variant published by steve jackson games -lrb- sjg -rrb- in 0000 .
it is a translation of a french game `` tempête sur l'échiquier '' -lrb- '' `` storm on the chessboard '' '' -rrb- , designed by pierre cléquin and bruno faidutti .
`` knightmare chess '' is played with cards that change the default rules of chess .
the cards might change how a piece moves , move opponent 's pieces , create special squares on the board or otherwise alter the game .
for example , a card called demotion says : there are two sets of cards sold separately , both consisting of 00 cards .
the sets are known as `` knightmare chess 0 '' and `` knightmare chess 0 '' but there 's nothing at all to prevent one from just shuffling both decks into one 000 card deck .
sjg also sells blank cards , to be customized as the player wishes , in packs of 00 .
the graphics in the english version of the `` knightmare chess '' cards are dark fantasy style , nightmarish -lrb- hence the pun `` knightmare '' -rrb- color paintings by brazilian artist rogerio vilela .
the french original version had a cartoonish tone , unlike the english version , and the cards in the french original version are also different from the english version .
another innovation of the american version is to include rules for `` dueling deck '' play , where each player has his own customized deck , possibly built from multiple copies of the set if desired .
in sjg 's version , each card is marked with a point cost .
the total chaotic power of one 's personal deck can be measured in the sum of the points of all cards in the deck .
for a balanced game each player uses the same point total , or a stronger player can use a lower point total as a handicap .
cards which are too powerful to appear more than once per side are marked with an asterisk , indicating that a player can only put one copy of that specific card in his deck .
see for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags , and the template below .
methven is a small town in the canterbury region of the south island of new zealand .
it is located near the western edge of the canterbury plains , 00 kilometres north of ashburton .
it was originally the railhead of a short branch railway off the main south line .
branching off from rakaia , the methven branch travelled through lauriston and lyndhurst to methven and operated from 0000 until 0000 .
it is a rural service town throughout the year , but undergoes a stark transformation in winter .
mount hutt skifield is around half an hour away from methven , the closest town .
as such , a number of cafes , bars , and restaurants lie relatively dormant over the summer months .
similarly , the town 's accommodation providers have a strongly seasonal trade .
in addition to skiing , another popular attraction is hot air ballooning .
methven also served as a base to cast and crew for the filming of edoras -lrb- located further inland -rrb- , for the lord of the rings .
the panharmonicon was a musical instrument invented in the 0000s by johann nepomuk mälzel , a contemporary and friend of beethoven .
beethoven apparently composed his piece `` wellington 's victory '' -lrb- op. 00 -rrb- to be played on this behemoth mechanical orchestral organ to commemorate arthur wellesley 's victory over the french at the battle of vitoria in 0000 .
neville southall mbe -lrb- born september 00 , 0000 in llandudno , wales -rrb- is a professional footballer , currently playing for rhyl in the welsh league .
southall 's career spanned much of the 0000s and 0000s .
southall entered the game relatively late , and before becoming a professional worked as a binman , waiter and hod carrier .
most famously he played for everton where he made a club record 000 league appearances -lrb- over 000 in all competitions -rrb- and won two football league championships , two fa cups and a european cup winners cup .
he also played internationally for wales , winning 00 caps : another record .
he had something of a love affair with everton , enjoying early success in the 0000s , whilst he was perhaps the figurehead of everton 's gloom in the 0000s .
indeed , during the opening match of the 0000 -- 00 season , he famously sat down during a `` sulking session '' against a goalpost at half-time whilst his teammates were still in the changing rooms during a surprise 0 -- 0 home defeat to newly promoted leeds united -lrb- it may be worth mentioning that everton did pull back from three goals down `` but '' everton were trailing by those three goals at half-time -rrb- .
a lasting image which epitomised the era .
this was a turbulent time for southall as he handed in several transfer requests throughout the season and did so further on in his everton career .
however he remained a constant fixture for the blues and his loyalty was rewarded in 0000 when he turned in a man of the match performance to thwart manchester united in the fa cup final and claim his first silverware for eight years .
southall was also given a testimonial against celtic in 0000 for his services to everton .
he also has played for winsford united , bury , bradford city , stoke city , rhyl , southend united , york city , shrewsbury town , huddersfield town , doncaster rovers , and torquay united .
he was voted footballer of the year in 0000 , extremely rare for a goalkeeper , and awarded the m.b.e in 0000 .
after his football career , neville southall had coaching experience with the welsh national squad , dagenham & redbridge , dover athletic , canvey island and molesey before finally going into management at hastings united in 0000 .
he was sacked as hastings ' manager in 0000 with the hastings ' chairman saying that `` there have recently been an increasing number of issues on which neville and i have disagreed and it had got to the point where our working relationship had broken down , beyond the point of repair , as far as i was concerned '' .
in november 0000 , paul merson remarkably revealed that he had approached southall and ex-england goalkeeper david seaman to perform in an fa cup game at merthyr tydfil as their two first choice goalkeepers , joe murphy and andy oakes , were unavailable .
however , southall turned this offer down .
on 00 july 0000 , rhyl football club 's website revealed that southall has made an incredible return to football , returning back to his former club at the age of 00 .
it has been confirmed that he will join rhyl on a 0 month deal .
his stability on the pitch was in sharp contrast to a tumultuous private life .
after a string of affairs , he walked out on his wife and family .
in december 0000 , southall recovered the medals and trophies he had previously given to his teenage daughter , following successful legal action through the liverpool courts .
his daughter , a student , is now left with a legal bill of # 0,000 .
the shorts tucano t mk 0 is a two seat turboprop basic trainer used by the raf .
it is also used by the air forces of kenya and kuwait .
the shorts tucano was developed by the british short brothers company in order to meet a requirement to replace the jet provost as the basic trainer for the raf , as laid down in air staff target 000 .
it is an adaptation of the embraer tucano fitted with the more powerful 0000 shp garrett turboprop engine in place of the tucano 's 000 shp pratt & whitney canada pt0 engine , to give higher performance , particularly at low level .
aside from a different powerplant , the other differences between the short tucano and the embraer tucano are : the tucano was selected in 0000 in preference to the swiss pilatus pc-0 , the british hunting firecracker and the australian aircraft consortium wamira .
the first garrett engined tucano flew in brazil on 00 february 0000 , with the first shorts built production aircraft flying on 00 december 0000 .
the decision to replace the 000 pt-0 engine used in the standard embraer model with the 0000shp garrett engine and `` bird-strike '' proofing of the cockpit canopy to uk standards -lrb- combined with the fitting of martin baker ejection seats -rrb- caused a number of problems which delayed the introduction of the aircraft , so that it was 0000 by the time it came into service .
in service the tucano has proven to be 00 % cheaper to operate than its predecessor .
it has a greater range and endurance than the jet provost which allows it to fly two consecutive sorties before being refuelled .
wilhelm oswald lohse -lrb- february 00,0000 -- may 00,0000 -rrb- was a german astronomer .
he first worked at the botham observatory , and starting in 0000 at the potsdam astrophysical observatory , being its chief astronomer at the time of his death .
craters on mars and on the moon were named in his honor .
square one television -lrb- sometimes referred to as square one -rrb- was a children 's television show produced by the children 's television workshop to teach mathematics and abstract mathematical concepts to young viewers .
created and broadcast by pbs in the united states from 0000 to 0000 , the show was intended to address the so-called `` math crisis '' among american schoolchildren .
it has since been rated tv-y0 .
the show was revived for the 0000-0000 pbs season as a teacher instruction program , `` square one tv math talk '' .
`` square one '' was also shown on the u.s. cable television channel noggin in syndication beginning in 0000 , but was removed from its lineup along with other children 's television workshop shows on may 00 , 0000 .
`` square one '' comprised short sketches that introduced and applied concepts in mathematics such as counting , combinatorics , vulgar fractions , estimation , probability , and geometry .
the sketches featured regular characters and were mainly parodies of pop culture icons or popular television shows : university of michigan athletics .
the number of references to the michigan wolverines that appeared in the show leaves little doubt that the people behind the show counted fans of the school among their ranks .
in fact , executive producer david connell and head writer jim thurman were both michigan graduates .
among the funders of `` square one '' were the national science foundation and the corporation for public broadcasting were the only permanent funders for `` square one '' .
ibm funded the show for season 0 only , and viewers like you -lrb- public television viewers -rrb- funded the show for seasons 0 and 0 only .
the cordillera huayhuash is a mountain range in the andes of peru .
aligned north to south , the main range of some twenty peaks stretches for approximately 00 km , with a subsidiary range of smaller peaks stretching out to the west for approximately 00 km .
six of the peaks exceed 0000 m. included among them are yerupajá -lrb- 0000 m -rrb- , the second highest mountain in peru -lrb- behind huascarán at 0000 m -rrb- , and siula grande -lrb- 0000 m -rrb- , made famous by joe simpson in `` touching the void '' .
there are many lesser peaks surrounding those covered by ice , and several passes exceeding 0000 m .
it is necessary to travel a considerable distance from the central range to find ground lower than 0000 m , even on valley floors , and the cordillera huayhuash is often taken to include this much larger area .
the area is barely populated at all , with what hamlets there are being very small and generally only found below 0000 m -lrb- the snowline is found at approximately 0000 m -rrb- .
the nearest villages are chiquián -lrb- 0000 m -rrb- and cajatambo -lrb- 0000 m -rrb- .
some mining takes place in the area , so to the north of the mountains there is an unsurfaced road leading up to as high as 0000 m .
in 0000 the peruvian ministry of agriculture declared the huayhuash a `` reserved zone '' and prohibited certain economic activities , including any future mining .
the range has become noted for trekking in the form of the huayhuash circuit , which is considered quite a challenge and is undoubtedly far more demanding than the famous inca trail in the south of peru .
fewer people trek the huayhuash than the nearby cordillera blanca .
the circuit generally takes between ten and fourteen days , depending on the route taken .
most of the walking , and most of the campsites , are above the 0000 m tree line , so the landscape appears rugged and mountainous , affording views over very wide areas .
the area is noted for its spectacular glacial lakes .
hot springs can also be found in the area .
condors , llamas , alpacas and viscachas can be seen .
trekking is almost always undertaken in the dry winter months of may to september , and the large town of huaraz over 000 km away is the usual choice for a base , with chiquián acting as the `` gateway to the huayhuash '' .
it is possible to penetrate into the mountains as far as the village of llamac -lrb- 0000 m -rrb- , reached by road built in the late 0000s .
until the group 's effective defeat in 0000 the cordillera huayhuash was used as a remote base by the shining path .
in the late 0000s a party of european trekkers were robbed and ordered to return to huaraz with the message that future intruders would be killed .
the remains of a guerrilla camp can be seen near laguna viconga .
two foreign trekkers are known to have been murdered in cajatambo in august 0000 , though this is thought to have been motivated by robbery .
four hikers who resisted armed robbery were shot in 0000 , one dying of blood loss before rescue .
since this last incident , the local communities began to charge a `` protection '' fee for passing in the private properties .
since then , the area is considered generally safe .
only named peaks are included in this list .
most names are of quechua origin .
mtv news is the news division of mtv , the first and most popular music television network in the u.s. , as well as some of mtv 's related channels around the world .
mtv news began in the late 0000s with the program `` the week in rock '' , hosted by kurt loder , the first official mtv news correspondent .
institutional economics , known by some as institutional political economy , focuses on understanding the role of human-made institutions in shaping economic behavior .
aspects of institutional economics are part of mainstream economics -- in particular the so-called new institutional economics that focuses on the role of institutions in reducing transaction costs .
heterodox institutional economics emphasizes a broader study of institutions and views markets as a result of the complex interaction of these various institutions -lrb- e.g. individuals , firms , states , social norms -rrb- .
law and economics has been a major theme since the publication of the `` legal foundation of capitalism '' by john r. commons in 0000 .
behavioral economics is another hallmark of institutional economics based on what is known about psychology and cognitive science , rather than simple assumptions of economic behavior .
early institutional economics .
institutional economics focuses on learning , bounded rationality , and evolution -lrb- rather than assume stable preferences , rationality and equilibrium -rrb- .
it was once the main school of economics in the united states , including such famous but diverse economists as thorstein veblen , wesley mitchell , and john r. commons .
some institutionalists see karl marx as belonging to the institutionalist tradition because he described capitalism as a historically bounded social system ; other institutionalist economists disagree with marx 's definition of capitalism , instead seeing defining features such as markets , money and the private ownership of production as evolving over time , as a result of the purposive actions of individuals .
`` traditional '' institutionalism rejects the `` reduction '' of institutions to simply tastes , technology , and nature -lrb- see naturalistic fallacy -rrb- .
tastes , along with expectations of the future , habits , and motivations , not only determine the nature of institutions but are limited and shaped by them .
if people live and work in institutions on a regular basis , it shapes their world-views .
fundamentally , this traditional institutionalism -lrb- and its modern counter-part institutionalist political economy -rrb- emphasizes the legal foundations of an economy -lrb- see john r. commons -rrb- and the evolutionary , habituated , and volitional processes by which institutions are erected and then changed -lrb- see john dewey , thorstein veblen , and daniel bromley . -rrb-
the vacillations of institutions are necessarily a result of the very incentives created by such institutions , and are thus endogenous .
emphatically , traditional institutionalism is in many ways a response to the current economic orthodoxy ; its reintroduction in the form of institutionalist political economy is thus an explicit challenge to neoclassical economics , since it is based on the fundamental premise that neoclassicists oppose : that economics can not be separated from the political and social system within which it is embedded .
some of the authors associated with this school include robert frank , warren j. samuels , mark r. tool , geoffrey hodgson , daniel bromley , jonathan nitzan , shimshon bichler , elinor ostrom , and anne mayhew .
with the development of theories of asymmetric and distributed information an attempt was made to integrate institutionalism into mainstream neoclassical economics , under the title new institutional economics .
however , this latter variant of institutionalism failed to supersede the classical school , because heterodox economists argue it was heir to what they perceive as the flaws of neoclassical economics .
specifically , new institutional economics failed to avoid criticisms of reductionism and lack of realism : these were leveled at neoclassical economics for effectively ignoring institutions , and at new institutional economics for attempting to reduce institutions to ` rational ' and ` efficient ' resolutions to the problem of transaction costs .
modern institutionalism is thus sharply divided between new institutional economics represented by people like nobel prizewinner douglass north and institutional political economy and `` old '' or `` critical '' institutionalism -lrb- an approach radically opposed to mainstream neoclassical economics -rrb- associated with the cambridge economist ha-joon chang , warren samuels , michigan state university , and geoffrey hodgson from university of hertfordshire .
the penetration of institutional economics into the mainstream can be seen in the work of nobel prize winners such as daniel kahneman , thomas schelling , gunnar myrdal , and herbert simon .
journals include `` journal of economic issues '' and `` journal of institutional economics '' .
the avoca river is the name of two different rivers in new zealand .
one of these rivers is a minor tributary of the rakaia river via the harper and wilberforce rivers , south of arthur 's pass in canterbury .
keyboardmania -lrb- alternately keyboard mania , and abbreviated kbm -rrb- is a rhythm video game created by the bemani division of konami .
in this game up to two players use 00-key keyboards to play the piano or keyboard part of a selected song .
notes are represented on-screen by small bars that scroll downward above an image of the keyboard itself .
the goal is to play the matching key when a note bar descends to the red play point line .
the arcade cabinet has two screens - one for each player .
there is also a simulator called `` doremi mania '' which uses * .
pms files .
however , players can use a midi-to-pms converter to simplify editing .
keyboardmania has three japanese arcade releases .
keyboardmania 0rdmix has a linking feature with drummania 0thmix/guitarfreaks 0thmix and drummania 0thmix/guitarfreaks 0thmix with a dozen songs .
keyboardmania has 0 home versions for playstation 0 .
the home version of keyboardmania has modified controller similar to the arcade keys .
one other notable version is for windows pcs and it is shipped with the yamaha ez-000i keyboard , which is used to play q0 0000 the little doe river located in northeast tennessee that rises on the southern slope of yellow mountain at the confluence hampton and sugar hollow creeks in roan mountain state park in carter county just south of the small town of roan mountain , tennessee .
the little doe river runs north initially , with state route 000 running parallel to the river .
at the town of roan mountain , it is joined by the flow of buck creek and then flows west , running along side u.s. route 00e at this point .
at the settlement of tiger valley it is joined by the flow of tiger creek and turns north , flowing around the base of fork mountain .
the confluence of the little doe river with the doe river is found at the town of hampton .
sensory neurons -lrb- `` neurones '' -rrb- are nerve cells within the nervous system responsible for converting external stimuli from the organism 's environment into internal electrical motor reflex loops and several forms of involuntary behavior , including pain avoidance .
in humans , such reflex circuits are commonly located in the spinal cord .
in complex organisms , sensory neurons relay their information to the central nervous system or in less complex organisms , such as the hydra , directly to motor neurons and sensory neurons also transmit information to the brain , where it can be further processed and acted upon .
for example , olfactory sensory neurons make synapses with neurons of the olfactory bulb , where the sense of olfaction -lrb- smell -rrb- is processed .
at the molecular level , sensory receptors located on the cell membrane of sensory neurons are responsible for the conversion of stimuli into electrical impulses .
the type of receptor employed by a given sensory neuron determines the type of stimuli it will be sensitive to .
for example , neurons containing mechanoreceptors are sensitive to tactile stimuli , while olfactory receptors make a cell sensitive to odors .
peripheral nerve fibers can be classified based on axonal conduction velocity , mylenation , fiber size etc. .
for example , there are slow-conducting unmyelinated c fibers and faster-conducting myelinated aδ fibers .
dennis c. lewiston or denis lewiston -lrb- b. may 00 , 0000 london england -rrb- is a cinematographer and former camera operator with a career spanning the 0000s through the 0000s .
he has worked mostly on american television movies .
he has occasionally worked as a film director or screenwriter .
the red-tailed sportive lemur -lrb- `` lepilemur ruficaudatus '' -rrb- is , like all lemurs , native to madagascar .
it is a nocturnal species feeding largely on leaves , though they also eat some fruit .
individuals weigh around 000 grams , and there is little sexual dimorphism .
in general they live in mated pairs , with a home range of about 00,000 square metres .
both members of the pair use the same home range , and there is little overlap between the home ranges of neighbouring pairs .
travel distances each night are between 000 metres and 0 km , making this a relatively inactive species .
this species can be found in the madagascar dry deciduous forests .
lier -lrb- french : `` lierre '' -rrb- is a municipality located in the belgian province of antwerp .
the municipality comprises the city of lier proper and the village of koningshooikt .
on january 0 0000 lier had a total population of 00,000 .
the total area is 00.00 km ² which gives a population density of 000 inhabitants per km ² .
lier is known for its beers ` caves ' , ` st. gummarus ' and the pastry ` lierse vlaaikes ' .
it is also home to van hool , one of the largest manufacturers of buses and coaches .
football clubs lierse s.k. -lrb- belgian second division -rrb- and k. lyra t.s.v. -lrb- promotion -rrb- are based in lier .
actually , lyra is the latin name for lier .
the patron saint of lier is st. gummarus 00th infantry division -lrb- united states -rrb- the u.s. 00th infantry division is a united states infantry division that has existed since world war i as part of the army national guard .
nicknamed `` blue and gray '' , the division 's motto is `` 00 , let 's go ! ''
the shoulder patch is a half-blue , half-gray chinese taijitu ; this patch was approved 00 december 0000 and was designed by maj. james a. ulio , later the adjutant general of the united states army during world war ii .
the uniting of the blue and grey symbolizes the fact that the division was composed of units from states that had fought on both sides of the american civil war .
the 00th infantry division was formed on 00 august 0000 as a national guard division from virginia , maryland , new jersey , pennsylvania , and the district of columbia and was sent to europe in july 0000 .
the division trained at camp mcclellan , alabama until departing for france on 00 june 0000 .
the division saw action in the meuse-argonne offensive and sustained a total of 0,000 casualties of which 000 were killed and 0,000 were wounded .
the division returned to the united states in may 0000 and was then demobilized .
the 00th division was reactivated on 0 february 0000 and departed for the united kingdom on 0 october 0000 where it continued training in scotland and england from october of 0000 up to june 0000 in preparation for the invasion of france .
teamed with the u.s. 0st infantry division , the 000th infantry regiment of the 00th division was in the first assault wave to hit the beaches at normandy on d-day , 0 june 0000 .
the division itself landed on omaha beach on the same day in the face of intense enemy fire but soon secured the bluff tops and went on to occupy isigny on 0 june .
the division cut across the elle river and advanced slowly toward st. lo , fighting bitterly in the normandy bocage -lrb- hedge rows -rrb- .
after taking st. lo on 00 july , the division joined in the battle for vire , capturing that strongly held city on 0 august .
turning west , the 00th took part in the assault on brest from 00 august to 00 september .
after a short rest , the division moved to defensive positions along the teveren-geilenkirchen line in germany and maintained those positions through october .
-lrb- in mid-october the 000th infantry took part in the fighting at the aachen gap . -rrb-
on 00 november the division began its drive to the ruhr , blasting its way through siersdorf , setterich , duerboslar , and bettendorf , reaching the ruhr by the end of the month .
on 0 december , heavy fighting reduced juelich sportplatz and the hasenfeld gut .
from 0 december 0000 to 00 february 0000 , the division held defensive positions along the ruhr and prepared for the offensive .
the attack jumped off across the ruhr on 00 february and carried the division through juelich , broich , immerath , and titz to mönchengladbach on 0 march .
the division was out of combat in march , however in early april the 000th infantry helped mop up in the ruhr area and on 00 april the division pushed to the elbe river and held defensive positions until 0 may .
meanwhile , the 000th infantry regiment cleared the kloetze forest .
after ve day , the division was on military government duty in the bremen enclave .
the 00th infantry division had spent 000 days in combat during campaigns in normandy , northern france , the rhineland and central europe , earning four distinguished unit citations in the process .
two soldiers of the division were awarded the medal of honor .
also awarded were 00 dscs , one dsm , 000 silver stars , 00 legion of merit , 00 soldier 's medal and 0,000 bronze stars .
the 00th division returned to the united states on 0 january 0000 and was demobilized two weeks later .
in 0000 the army retired the flag of the 00th infantry division due to re-organization of the national guard divisions .
for the next twenty years the various regiments of the division were organized either as separate infantry brigades or as parts of other divisions , most notably the 00th infantry division from the pennsylvania national guard .
in 0000 , the 00th division was reactivated as a national guard light infantry division .
at that time it was composed -lrb- primarily -rrb- of the 000th infantry regiment from virginia , 000th field artillery from virginia , the 000th infantry regiment and 000th infantry regiment from maryland , and the 000th field artillery from maryland .
in 0000 the 00th infantry division from new england was inactivated , reduced to brigade size , and later incorporated into the 00th division , becoming the 00th brigade , headquartered in massachusetts .
the 00th was the second national guard division to provide a division headquarters for the sfor mission in bosnia .
following the september 00 , 0000 terrorist attacks on the united states , many elements of the 00th participated in the global war on terror , including operation noble eagle , operation iraqi freedom and operation enduring freedom .
the 0rd battalion , 000th infantry regiment -lrb- 0st brigade , 00th infantry division -rrb- was mobilized to fort bragg , nc , on active duty on 0 march 0000 .
in july 0000 , the 0-000 in , task force normandy , deployed to operation enduring freedom - afghanistan , conducting combat operations from bagram airfield and forward operating base ghazni .
0-000 in served as a maneuver battalion under the 00th infantry division artillery , combined task force thunder .
0-000 in redeployed and was released from active duty in august 0000 .
the 0st battalion , 000nd infantry regiment -lrb- 00th brigade , 00th inf div -rrb- based in new haven , ct , deployed to afghanistan as part of operation enduring freedom in april of 0000 , serving as an attached unit in the 00th mountain division .
the battalion had returned from iraq a year earlier and the year it spent on the ground was the bloodiest in afghanistan since the war began .
in aug 0000 0rd battalion , 000th aviation -lrb- hhc , a co , d co and e co -rrb- in camp edwards and westover , ma , were mobilized in support of operation iraqi freedom .
they were stationed in the state of kuwait from november 0th 0000 until november 0th 0000 .
also mobilized in august 0000 was c company , 0nd battlion , 000th aviation regiment from edgewood maryland .
c company was assigned to the 000th combat aviation brigade , 000st airborne division in iraq until november of 0000 .
in october of 0000 , the remaining elements of 0nd battalion , 000th aviation regiment -lrb- hhc , a co , b co , d co , e co -rrb- from sandston , virginia -lrb- with detachments from edgewood , maryland -rrb- mobilized in support of operation iraq freedom , serving as an assigned asset to marine aircraft group 00 , 0rd marine air wing in western iraq .
these elements of 0nd battalion , 000th aviation regiment returned to their home stations in february 0000 .
in 0000 , the 0-000 in mobilized for duty in kosovo .
in may 0000 , headquarters and headquarters company , 000th infantry brigade combat team -lrb- ibct -rrb- , 00th id -lrb- formerly 0st brigade , 00th id -rrb- mobilized to active duty for operation iraqi freedom .
in june 0000 , the 0nd battalion , 000rd cavalry and , once again , the 0-000 in , both of the 000th ibct , mobilized for active duty in support of operation iraqi freedom .
0-000 infantry mobilized through camp shelby , mississippi and was deployed to both kuwait and iraq .
0-000rd cavalry also mobilized through camp shelby and was deployed to kuwait in support of operation iraqi freedom .
the 00th division started transitioning to the new structure shown below , adding brigades from north carolina and puerto rico , in late 0000 .
brigadier general grant hayden -lrb- september 0000-present -rrb- in the 0000 film `` the longest day '' much of the action of the 00th on omaha beach on d-day is depicted , with assistant division commander brigadier general norman cota portrayed by robert mitchum .
in the 0000 film `` saving private ryan '' , many of the soldiers seen in the omaha beach sequence are from the 00th , identified by their shoulder insignias .
corporal timothy e.upham , for instance , is portrayed as a soldier serving with the 00th infantry division .
upham was drafted to serve with a squad from the 0nd rangers .
the 00th , along with the 0st infantry division , were grouped with a few companies of the 0nd ranger battalion to storm omaha beach on june 0th , 0000 .
many 00id veterans did not like the cowardly behavior of cpl. upham depicted in the film , believing it cast the 00id in a bad light due to the fact that the 00th 's shoulder sleeve insignia is prominent on upham 's left shoulder .
the popular us route 00 , formerly known as the warrenton turnpike , was renamed in honor of the 00th infantry division because it runs from maryland to north carolina .
march of dimes is the name of a united states health charity , whose mission is to improve the health of babies .
it was founded in 0000 as the national foundation for infantile paralysis to defeat the epidemic disease polio .
the ontario march of dimes -lrb- omod -rrb- , and the march of dimes canada established by omod , have no affiliation with the u.s. march of dimes .
poliomyelitis was one of the most dreaded illnesses of the 00th century , and had killed or paralyzed thousands of americans during the first half of the 00th century .
march of dimes was founded as the `` national foundation for infantile paralysis '' on january 0 , 0000 during the presidency of franklin d. roosevelt .
roosevelt himself was paralyzed with what at the time was believed to be polio , though it now seems this diagnosis was mistaken .
the original purpose of the foundation was to raise money for polio research and to care for those suffering from the disease .
the name emphasized the national , nonpartisan , and public nature of the new organization , as opposed to private foundations established by wealthy families .
the effort began with a radio appeal , asking everyone in the nation to contribute a dime -lrb- 00 cents -rrb- to fight polio .
`` march of dimes '' was originally the name of the annual fundraising event held in january by the foundation .
the name `` march of dimes '' for the fundraising campaign was coined by entertainer eddie cantor as a play on the popular newsreel feature of the day , `` the march of time '' .
along with cantor , many top hollywood , broadway , radio , and television stars served as promoters of the charity .
because of his close association with the cause , roosevelt was portrayed on the u.s. dime after his death .
over the years , the name `` march of dimes '' became synonymous with that of the charity and was officially adopted in 0000 .
for its first 00 years , the march of dimes provided support for the work of many innovative and practical polio researchers and virologists .
in the post-world war ii years , the number of polio cases in the united states increased sharply , making the cause even more urgent .
then , on april 00 , 0000 , the march of dimes held a news conference following the announcement to the world at the university of michigan that a polio vaccine developed by dr. jonas salk was both safe and effective .
the largest clinical trial in u.s. history , involving more than 0.0 million schoolchildren , had shown the vaccine to be 00 to 00 percent effective in preventing paralytic polio .
after supporting the development of two successful vaccines against polio -lrb- both jonas salk 's and albert sabin 's research were partly funded by the march of dimes -rrb- , the organization , rather than going out of business , decided in 0000 to use its charitable infrastructure to serve mothers and babies with a new mission : to prevent premature birth , birth defects and infant mortality .
the organization accomplishes this with programs of research , community services , education , and advocacy .
today in the usa , march of dimes funds researchers are working in biochemistry , microbiology , developmental biology , genetics , pediatrics , and many other fields .
along the way , it has helped support special neonatal intensive care units -lrb- nicus -rrb- designed to treat sick babies ; drug treatments to replace surgery for babies with a common heart defect ; and folic acid education and food fortification to prevent neural tube defects , among other advances .
march of dimes has hosted walkamerica annually since 0000 , helping to raise more than $ 0.0 billion to fund research and programs to prevent premature birth .
as of april 0000 , tom bergeron is the national celebrity spokesperson .
some of the research conducted by march of dimes involves laboratory animals .
organizations , such as peta and pcrm , have raised concerns about the use of animals in experiments conducted by march of dimes .
march of dimes asserts that it supports the use of non-animal research alternatives , whenever possible , but it `` could not fulfill its mission to improve the health of babies by preventing birth defects and infant death '' without supporting research involving animals .
national foundation for infantile paralysis 0nd field regiment , royal canadian artillery the 0nd field regiment , royal canandian artillery -lrb- 0 rca -rrb- is a royal canadian artillery reserve regiment .
it is located in montreal and shares its headquarters with the royal canadian hussars at the côte-des-neiges armory .
although there had been temporary volunteer artillery units formed in montreal as early as 0000 , the regiment has its origin in the 0rd montreal battery formed in 0000 as a result of the departure of british regular troops for the crimean war and the passage of the militia act of 0000 .
militia forces , including the five field batteries formed , would for the first time be maintained at public expense .
in 0000 the battalion of montreal artillery was formed and in 0000 it was renamed the 0nd montreal regiment .
in the first world war several batteries of artillery were raised in montreal and the 0nd brigade included the 0rd montreal battery amongst its four batteries .
in a series of reorganizations the battery was renamed the 0th field battery , the name it continues to hold .
this battery was commanded at the outbreak of the war by major andrew mcnaughton .
wounded at the 0nd battle of ypres , he went on to command the canadian corps heavy artillery and , in the second world war , the first canadian army .
the 0nd brigade served in the divisional artillery of the 0st canadian division for the duration of the war .
in the second world war the 0nd field regiment was once again mobilized in the divisional artillery of the 0st canadian infantry division with the 0th field battery amongst its batteries .
after training in england it served in italy from july 0000 until january 0000 when it , along with the 0st canadian corps , was transferred to holland .
after the second world war the regiments of artillery in the post-war militia were renumbered and the 0nd field regiment was removed from the order of battle .
the reorganizations of the 0000 suttie commission and the ensuing reduction in the number of units in the militia would eventually see the 0nd field regiment reforming in 0000 with initially two and then three batteries .
they were the 0th , 00th , and 00th field batteries , each perpetuating a different regiment of the post-war artillery in montreal .
today , it is comprised primarily of militia from the city of montreal as part of the canadian army reserves .
after over 00 years of peacetime operations , the regiment fields a single artillery battery of six 000mm c0 howitzers .
however , it has sent its members abroad to serve in peacekeeping and anti-terrorist roles and has yearly gunnery exercises .
it is commanded by a canadian reserve lieutenant-colonel , with a new commanding officer appointed , on average , every three years .
the regiment is officially bilingual and functions in both english and french .
the commanding officers of the re-formed 0nd field regiment are listed : hapa-mainland u.s.a. redefintion of hawaiian word hoot was a uk comic book that ran from -lrb- issues dates -rrb- 00 october 0000 to 00 october 0000 , when it merged with the dandy .
strips throughout its 00 issue run included : polar blair and spotted dick later continued in the dandy , with cuddles joining another dandy strip -lrb- dimples -rrb- and becoming cuddles and dimples .
revised reprints of piggles appeared for about half a year in 0000 .
game neverending -lrb- gne -rrb- was an innovative massively multiplayer online game that was in development by ludicorp , better known as the creators of flickr , from 0000 until it was cancelled in 0000 .
game neverending was an atypical roleplaying game primarily based on social interaction and object manipulation .
gne was lighthearted and humorous ; indeed there was no way to win , nor even any definition of success .
many objects could be combined to create other objects , but any given object only served a questionable amount of purpose .
a sense of community and communication between players was encouraged through gamewide and location-specific chat channels , as well as the ability to leave notes for other players at any location .
another aspect of gne 's novelty was that it was being developed into a highly user-extensible game : players were intended to be able to invent new objects and create new locations .
the official in-game currency was shekels , but sheets -lrb- and quires and reams -rrb- of differently colored papers also served as a de facto currency .
the earliest prototype went live on the internet in the fall of 0000 with the goal of experimenting with real time in-browser interaction , evaluating usage patterns and technical requirements and seeing how players would respond to the `` tone '' of the game .
this was closed february 0 , 0000 and eventually a new version was released as a closed beta .
ludicorp , the game 's developers , received wide press coverage while they were making the game .
through the long development , it was pondered whether gne was yet another example of vaporware .
although development of the game was later cancelled , the tools built for gne later evolved into flickr , a widely-hailed photo-sharing service .
occasional signs of this legacy are visible , such as the ' .
gne ' file extension appearing in flickr 's urls .
glossary of german military terms this is a list of words , terms , concepts , and slogans that were have been or are used by the german military .
ranks and translations of nicknames for vehicles are included .
also included are some general terms from the german language found frequently in military jargon .
some terms are from the general german cultural background , others are given to show a change that was made before or after the nazi era .
some factories that were the primary producers of military equipment , especially tanks , are also given .
list of german military ranks .
approximate ranks relative to us ranks : for additional comparisons , see comparative military ranks of world war ii .
list of code names for major german military operations .
the german term for `` operation '' is `` unternehmen '' , literally `` undertaking '' .
erwin ringel -lrb- april 00 , 0000 -- july 00 , 0000 -rrb- was an austrian psychiatrist and neurologist who dedicated his life to suicide prevention and who , in 0000 , defined the `` presuicidal syndrome '' .
in 0000 he founded the iasp - international association for suicide prevention .
the development of biochips is a major thrust of the rapidly growing biotechnology industry , which encompasses a very diverse range of research efforts including genomics , proteomics , computational biology , and pharmaceuticals , among other activities .
advances in these areas are giving scientists new methods for unraveling the complex biochemical processes occurring inside cells , with the larger goal of understanding and treating human diseases .
at the same time , the semiconductor industry has been steadily perfecting the science of microminiaturization .
the merging of these two fields in recent years has enabled biotechnologists to begin packing their traditionally bulky sensing tools into smaller and smaller spaces , onto so-called biochips .
these chips are essentially miniaturized laboratories that can perform hundreds or thousands of simultaneous biochemical reactions .
biochips enable researchers to quickly screen large numbers of biological analytes for a variety of purposes , from disease diagnosis to detection of bioterrorism agents .
the development of biochips has a long history , starting with early work on the underlying sensor technology .
one of the first portable , chemistry-based sensors was the glass ph electrode , invented in 0000 by hughes -lrb- hughes , 0000 -rrb- .
measurement of ph was accomplished by detecting the potential difference developed across a thin glass membrane selective to the permeation of hydrogen ions ; this selectivity was achieved by exchanges between h + and sio sites in the glass .
the basic concept of using exchange sites to create permselective membranes was used to develop other ion sensors in subsequent years .
for example , a k + sensor was produced by incorporating valinomycin into a thin membrane -lrb- schultz , 0000 -rrb- .
over thirty years elapsed before the first true biosensor -lrb- `` i.e. '' a sensor utilizing biological molecules -rrb- emerged .
in 0000 , leland clark published a paper on an oxygen sensing electrode -lrb- clark , 0000_00 -rrb- .
this device became the basis for a glucose sensor developed in 0000 by clark and colleague lyons which utilized glucose oxidase molecules embedded in a dialysis membrane -lrb- clark , 0000 -rrb- .
the enzyme functioned in the presence of glucose to decrease the amount of oxygen available to the oxygen electrode , thereby relating oxygen levels to glucose concentration .
this and similar biosensors became known as enzyme electrodes , and are still in use in 0000 , watson and crick announced their discovery of the now familiar double helix structure of dna molecules and set the stage for genetics research that continues to the present day -lrb- nelson , 0000 -rrb- .
the development of sequencing techniques in 0000 by gilbert -lrb- maxam , 0000 -rrb- and sanger -lrb- sanger , 0000 -rrb- -lrb- working separately -rrb- enabled researchers to directly read the genetic codes that provide instructions for protein synthesis .
this research showed how hybridization of complementary single oligonucleotide strands could be used as a basis for dna sensing .
two additional developments enabled the technology used in modern dna-based biosensors .
first , in 0000 kary mullis invented the -lrb- pcr -rrb- technique -lrb- nelson , 0000 -rrb- , a method for amplifying dna concentrations .
this discovery made possible the detection of extremely small quantities of dna in samples .
second , in 0000 hood and coworkers devised a method to label dna molecules with fluorescent tags instead of radiolabels -lrb- smith , 0000 -rrb- , thus enabling hybridization experiments to the rapid technological advances of the biochemistry and semiconductor fields in the 0000s led to the large scale development of biochips in the 0000s .
at this time , it became clear that biochips were largely a `` platform '' technology which consisted of several separate , yet integrated components .
figure 0 shows the makeup of a typical biochip platform .
the actual sensing component -lrb- or `` chip '' -rrb- is just one piece of a complete analysis system .
transduction must be done to translate the actual sensing event -lrb- dna binding , oxidation/reduction , `` etc. '' -rrb- into a format understandable by a computer -lrb- voltage , light intensity , mass , `` etc. '' -rrb- , which then enables additional analysis and processing to produce a final , human-readable output .
the multiple technologies needed to make a successful biochip -- from sensing chemistry , to microarraying , to signal processing -- require a true multidisciplinary approach , making the barrier to entry steep .
one of the first commercial biochips was introduced by affymetrix .
their `` genechip '' products contain thousands of individual dna sensors for use in sensing defects , or single nucleotide polymorphisms -lrb- snps -rrb- , in genes such as p00 -lrb- a tumor suppressor -rrb- and brca0 and brca0 -lrb- related to breast cancer -rrb- -lrb- cheng , 0000 -rrb- .
the chips are produced using microlithography techniques traditionally used to fabricate integrated circuits -lrb- see below -rrb- .
today , a large variety of biochip technologies are either in development or being commercialized .
numerous advancements continue to be made in sensing research that enable new platforms to be developed for new applications .
cancer diagnosis through dna typing is just one market opportunity .
a variety of industries currently desire the ability to simultaneously screen for a wide range of chemical and biological agents , with purposes ranging from testing public water systems for disease agents to screening airline cargo for explosives .
pharmaceutical companies wish to combinatorially screen drug candidates against target enzymes .
to achieve these ends , dna , rna , proteins , and even living cells are being employed as sensing mediators on biochips .
numerous transduction methods can be employed including surface plasmon resonance , fluorescence , and chemiluminescence .
the particular sensing and transduction techniques chosen depend on factors such as price , sensitivity , the microarray -- the dense , two-dimensional grid of biosensors -- is the critical component of a biochip platform .
typically , the sensors are deposited on a flat substrate , which may either be passive -lrb- `` e.g. '' silicon or glass -rrb- or active , the latter consisting of integrated electronics or micromechanical devices that perform or assist signal transduction .
surface chemistry is used to covalently bind the sensor molecules to the substrate medium .
the fabrication of microarrays is non-trivial and is a major economic and technological hurdle that may ultimately decide the success of future biochip platforms .
the primary manufacturing challenge is the process of placing each sensor at a specific position -lrb- typically on a cartesian grid -rrb- on the substrate .
various means exist to achieve the placement , but typically robotic micro-pipetting -lrb- schena , 0000 -rrb- or micro-printing -lrb- macbeath , 0000 -rrb- systems are used to place tiny spots of sensor material on the chip surface .
because each sensor is unique , only a few spots can be placed at a time .
the low-throughput nature of this process results in high manufacturing costs .
fodor and colleagues developed a unique fabrication process -lrb- later used by affymetrix -rrb- in which a series of microlithography steps is used to combinatorially synthesize hundreds of thousands of unique , single-stranded dna sensors on a substrate one nucleotide at a time -lrb- fodor , 0000 ; pease , 0000 -rrb- .
one lithography step is needed per base type ; thus , a total of four steps is required per nucleotide level .
although this technique is very powerful in that many sensors can be created simultaneously , it is currently only feasible for creating short dna strands -lrb- 00-00 nucleotides -rrb- .
reliability and cost factors limit the number of photolithography steps that can be done .
furthermore , light-directed combinatorial synthesis techniques are not currently possible for proteins or other sensing molecules .
as noted above , most microarrays consist of a cartesian grid of sensors .
this approach is used chiefly to map or `` encode '' the coordinate of each sensor to its function .
sensors in these arrays typically use a universal signaling technique -lrb- `` e.g. '' fluorescence -rrb- , thus making coordinates their only identifying feature .
these arrays must be made using a serial process -lrb- `` i.e. '' requiring multiple , sequential steps -rrb- to ensure that each sensor is placed at the correct position .
`` random '' fabrication , in which the sensors are placed at arbitrary positions on the chip , is an alternative to the serial method .
the tedious and expensive positioning process is not required , enabling the use of parallelized self-assembly techniques .
in this approach , large batches of identical sensors can be produced ; sensors from each batch are then combined and assembled into an array .
a non-coordinate based encoding scheme must be used to identify each sensor .
as the figure shows , such a design was first demonstrated -lrb- and later commercialized by illumina -rrb- using functionalized beads placed randomly in the wells of an etched fiber optic cable -lrb- steemers , 0000 ; michael , 0000 -rrb- each bead was uniquely encoded with a fluorescent signature .
however , this encoding scheme is limited in the number of unique dye combinations that be can be used and protein biochip array and other microarray technologies .
microarrays are not limited to dna analysis ; protein microarrays , antibody microarray , chemical compound microarray can also be produced using biochips .
randox laboratories ltd. launched evidence ® , the first protein biochip array technology analyzer in 0000 .
in protein biochip array technology , the biochip replaces the elisa plate or cuvette as the reaction platform .
the biochip is used to simultaneously analyze a panel of related tests in a single sample , producing a patient profile .
the patient profile can be used in disease screening , diagnosis , monitoring disease progression or monitoring treatment .
performing multiple analyses simultaneously , described as multiplexing , allows a significant reduction in processing time and the amount of patient sample required .
biochip array technology is a novel application of a familiar methodology , using sandwich , competitive and antibody-capture immunoassays .
the difference from conventional immunoassays is that the capture ligands are covalently attached to the surface of the biochip in an ordered array rather than in solution .
in sandwich assays an enzyme-labelled antibody is used ; in competitive assays an enzyme-labelled antigen is used .
on antibody-antigen binding a chemiluminescence reaction produces light .
detection is by a charge-coupled device -lrb- ccd -rrb- camera .
the ccd camera is a sensitive and high-resolution sensor able to accurately detect and quantify very low levels of light .
the test regions are located using a grid pattern then the chemiluminescence signals are analysed by imaging software to rapidly and simultaneously quantify the individual analytes .
details about other array technologies can be found in the following pages : antibody microarray and chemical compound microarray .
wcfl -lrb- 0000 khz chicago , illinois -rrb- was a 00,000-watt am radio station located in chicago .
the station was originally owned by the chicago federation of labor giving the station its call sign wcfl , as well as its slogan `` the voice of labor '' .
wcfl was the united states ' first and longest-surviving labor radio station .
wcfl first took to the air in test broadcasts on june 00 , 0000 .
in 0000 , it broadcast the gene tunney-jack dempsey championship boxing match at soldier field , challenging the national broadcasting company 's exclusive claim to the event .
this led to an arrangement whereby it became one of three affiliates in chicago of the blue network of nbc ; wcfl broadcast non-sponsored , or `` sustaining '' , nbc programs not carried by wenr or wls , as well as selected major sporting events and any broadcast speeches by union leaders aired by the network .
when the federal communications commission forced nbc to sell the blue network , wcfl 's affiliation continued with the network through its new identity as the american broadcasting company , ending with the merger of wenr and wls in 0000 .
wcfl was also to become an affiliate of the amalgamated broadcasting system in 0000 , but that network folded after only a month of operations , prior to its planned westward expansion from new york .
the original transmitter was located at chicago 's navy pier , using facilities that had been built by the u.s. navy for use during world war i .
their final transmitter site was located in downers grove , west of chicago and at night , the signal was most intense to the east toward the city , according to fcc rules .
the nighttime signal took it east to pittsburgh , pennsylvania due to the directional antenna pattern , reducing power toward stations on am 0000 in seattle and oklahoma city .
wcfl was also involved in early experimental television broadcasts , and operated a shortwave repeater station , w0xaa , in the 0000s .
during the early 0000s , wls was the only real top 00 station in the nation 's second-largest market at the time , chicago .
but in fall 0000 , wcfl switched to top 00 , and wls was no longer alone in the format .
ultimately chicagoland radio listeners benefited because cfl 's excellent sound during its first years in pop music forced wls to improve .
some famous announcers on wcfl included dick biondi , jim bohannon , ron britain , bob dearborn , larry lujack , howard miller , barney pip , ron riley , art roberts , joel sebastian , jim stagg , clark weber , fred winston , wolfman jack , and morning duo dick -lrb- saint -rrb- & doug -lrb- dahlgren -rrb- .
the comical chicken man vignette radio shows were born at wcfl during its early years as a top 00 station .
wcfl 's top 00 era came to an end in 0000 when the station changed to a beautiful music format , which proved unsuccessful .
after deciding their profit margin was too small to maintain the station , the chicago federation of labor sold it in 0000 to the mutual broadcasting system , at the time a subsidiary of the amway corporation , which in turn sold it on to statewide broadcasting in 0000 , which unsuccessfully used the station to broadcast religious programming .
at the end of 0000 , statewide merged with heftel broadcasting , owners of fm radio station wlup , or `` the loop , '' named after a section of downtown chicago .
in 0000 , the call sign of the station was changed to wlup , and its fm sister became wlup-fm .
in 0000 , its call sign was once again changed , to wmvp , or `` most valuable player , '' to reflect the station 's new emphasis on sports programming .
in 0000 , the station was sold to the american broadcasting company , which continues to operate it today from studios at the intersection of state and lake in the heart of chicago .
wcfl is now the callsign of fm 000.0 at morris , illinois .
in the early 0000s , this station had high-energy oldies format reminiscent of the programming of wcfl -lrb- am -rrb- did during its `` super cfl '' top 00 days in the early 00 's in fact , the station even used the authentic wcfl sounders and jingles , and utilized the slogans `` super cfl '' and `` the voice of labor . ''
for a time , promotional t-shirts for the new wcfl were sold at red tower records in orland park , illinois .
the fm station , however , had a distinctly weaker signal that could not penetrate the entire chicago metropolitan area .
the oldies format lasted from april 0000 to late 0000 , when the station went into a receivership , and was bought by the illinois bible institute , which has made it a relay for christian radio station wbgl .
beginning in 0000 , a small low-powered fm station , kcfl-lp 000.0 fm in fall city , washington , operated as a tribute to the 00s/00s-era wcfl , using the old `` supercfl '' slogan and vintage wcfl jingles .
in 0000 it switched to a tribute to san francisco 's old kya radio .
evan thornley -lrb- born 0000 -rrb- , australian businessman and politician , was elected to the victorian legislative council for the australian labor party at the 0000 victorian state election .
he was a founder -lrb- with his wife , tracey ellery -rrb- and former chairman and ceo of internet company looksmart ltd. .
he founded predecessor businesses in 0000 with an investment from reader 's digest .
he resigned as ceo in october 0000 and as chairman in july 0000 .
he and ellery now own the book publisher pluto press australia .
in 0000 , after attending scotch college , thornley graduated from the university of melbourne with a bachelor of commerce and a bachelor of laws .
from 0000 to 0000 he was a consultant at mckinsey and company , a management consultancy firm .
he served on the board of the brotherhood of st laurence , the university of melbourne , the chifley foundation and getup .
he was also the secretary of the fabian society and is chairman and founding funder of per capita .
thornley is a member of the australian labor party , and at the 0000 victorian state election he was a candidate for the victorian legislative council .
the result was very close and he was not declared elected until 00 december .
in the meantime premier steve bracks appointed him his parliamentary secretary .
he is mainly known as the richest member of the victorian parliament , with a net worth estimated at $ 00 million , generated exclusively from selling looksmart shares at their peak .
thornley purchased an east melbourne house ` amberley ' at 000 george street east melbourne for $ 0.0 millionhe owns grazing property in western victoria and four investment properties in melbourne , queensland and new south wales , as well as a private residence in kew thornley 's business practices have been controversial with the abc 's terry lane saying : `` your detractors on the left of the labor party are making common cause with one of the most right-wing of the federal coalition ministers , mr kevin andrews , both drawing attention to the fact that when you were the ceo of looksmart , your annual report boasted that the company employed no union looksmart company filings also reveal the use of company structures in barbados , ahead of a planned ipo of a subsidiary .
looksmart did not ever operate a business from barbados .
at the time of the deal , barbados appeared on the oecd blacklist of nations who refused to co-operate in crackdowns on money laundering and tax smokeless powder is the name given to a number of propellants used in firearms and artillery which produce negligible smoke when fired , unlike the older -lrb- gunpowder -rrb- black powder which they replaced .
types of smokeless powder include cordite , ballistite and , historically , poudre b .
they are classified as single-base , double-base or triple-base powders .
smokeless powder consists of nitrocellulose -lrb- single-base powders -rrb- , frequently combined with up to 00 percent nitroglycerin -lrb- double-base powders -rrb- , and sometimes nitroglycerin and nitroguanidine -lrb- triple-base -rrb- , corned into small spherical balls or extruded into cylinders or flakes using solvents such as ether .
other minor ingredients , such as stabilizers and ballistic modifiers , are also added .
double-base propellants are common in handgun and rifle ammunition .
triple-base propellants are more common in artillery guns .
the reason that they are smokeless is that the combustion products are mainly gaseous , compared to around 00 % solid products for black powder -lrb- potassium carbonate , potassium sulfate etc -rrb- .
smokeless powder burns only on the surfaces of the granules , flakes or cylinders - described as `` granules '' for short .
larger granules burn more slowly , and the burn rate is further controlled by flame-deterrent coatings which retard burning slightly .
the intent is to regulate the burn rate so that a more or less constant pressure is exerted on the propelled projectile as long as it is in the barrel so as to obtain the highest velocity .
cannon powder has the largest granules , up to thumb-sized cylinders with seven perforations -lrb- one central and the other six in a circle halfway to the outside of the cylinder 's end faces -rrb- .
the perforations stabilize the burn rate because as the outside burns inward -lrb- thus shrinking the burning surface area -rrb- the inside is burning outward -lrb- thus increasing the burning surface area , but faster , so as to fill up the increasing volume of barrel presented by the departing projectile -rrb- .
fast-burning pistol powders are made by extruding shapes with more area such as flakes or by flattening the spherical granules .
drying is usually performed under a vacuum .
the solvents are condensed and recycled .
the granules are also coated with graphite to prevent static electricity sparks from causing undesired ignitions .
military commanders had been complaining since the napoleonic wars about the problems of giving orders on a battlefield that was covered in thick smoke from the gunpowder used by the guns .
a major step forward was introduced when guncotton , a nitrocellulose-based material , was first introduced by christian friedrich schönbein in 0000 .
he also promoted its use as a blasting explosive .
guncotton was more powerful than gunpowder , but at the same time was somewhat more unstable .
this made it unsuitable as a propellant for small firearms : not only was it dangerous under field conditions , but guns that could fire thousands of rounds using gunpowder would be `` used up '' after only a few hundred with the more powerful guncotton .
it did find wide use with artillery .
however , within a short time there were a number of massive explosions and fatalities in guncotton factories due to lack of appreciation of its sensitivity and the means of stabilization .
guncotton then went out of use for some twenty years or more until it could be tamed ; it was not until the 0000s that it became a viable propellant .
in 0000 paul vieille invented a smokeless gunpowder called poudre b , made from gelatinized guncotton mixed with ether and alcohol .
it was passed through rollers to form thin sheets , which were cut into flakes of the desired size .
the resulting propellant , today known as pyrocellulose , contains somewhat less nitrogen than guncotton and is less volatile .
a particularly good feature of the propellant is that it will not burn unless it is compressed , making it very safe to handle under normal conditions .
vieille 's powder revolutionized the effectiveness of small guns , for several reasons .
first , it gave off almost no smoke .
after a few shots , a soldier with black powder ammunition would have his view obscured by a huge pall of smoke unless there was a strong wind .
conversely , a sniper or other hidden shooter would not be given away by a cloud of smoke over the firing position .
further , it was three times more powerful than black powder , which gave more power from less powder .
the higher muzzle velocity meant a flatter trajectory and therefore more accurate long range fire , out to perhaps 0000 metres in the first smokeless powder rifles .
since less powder was needed to propel a bullet , the cartridge could be made smaller and lighter .
this allowed troops to carry more ammunition for the same weight .
also , it would burn even when wet .
black powder ammunition had to be kept dry and was almost always stored and transported in watertight cartridges .
vielle 's powder was used in the lebel rifle that was immediately introduced by the french army to exploit its huge benefits over black powder .
other european countries swiftly followed and started using their own versions of poudre b , the first being germany and austria which introduced new weapons in 0000 .
meanwhile , in great britain , in 0000 , alfred nobel developed a smokeless gunpowder called ballistite .
a modified form of this was devised by sir frederick abel and james dewar which eventually became known as cordite , leading to a lengthy court battle between nobel and the other two inventors over alleged british patent infringement .
in the usa , in 0000 , a patent for smokeless powder was obtained by hudson maxim .
these newer propellants were more stable and thus safer to handle than poudre b , and also more powerful .
today , propellants based on nitrocellulose alone are known as single-base , whereas cordite-like mixtures are known as double-base .
a triple-base flashless cordite was also developed , primarily for large naval guns , but also used in battle tank ammunition .
smokeless powder allowed the development of modern semi - and fully automatic firearms .
burnt blackpowder leaves a thick , heavy fouling which is both hygroscopic and corrosive .
smokeless powder fouling exhibits none of these properties .
this makes an autoloading firearm with many moving parts feasible -lrb- which would jam or seize under heavy blackpowder fouling -rrb- .
single and double-base smokeless powders now make up the vast majority of propellants used in firearms .
they are so common that most modern references to `` gunpowder '' refer to a smokeless powder , particularly when referring to small arms ammunition .
instability and stabilization .
nitrocellulose deteriorates with time , yielding acidic byproducts .
those byproducts catalyze the further deterioration , increasing its rate .
the released heat , in case of bulk storage of the powder , or too large blocks of solid propellant , can cause self-ignition of the material .
single-base nitrocellulose propellants are most susceptible to degradation ; double-base and triple-base propellants tend to deteriorate more slowly .
to neutralize the decomposition products , which could otherwise cause corrosion of metals of the cartridges and gun barrels , calcium carbonate is added to some formulations .
to prevent buildup of the deterioration products , stabilizers are added .
0-nitrodiphenylamine is one of the most common stabilizers used .
others are 0-nitrodiphenylamine , n-nitrosodiphenylamine , n-methyl-p-nitroaniline , and diphenylamine .
the stabilizers are added in the amount of 0.0-0 % of the total amount of the formulation ; higher amounts tend to degrade its ballistic properties .
the amount of the stabilizer is depleted with time .
propellants in storage should be periodically tested on the remaining amount of stabilizer , as its depletion may lead to autoignition of the propellant .
smokeless propellant components .
the propellant formulations may contain various energetic and auxiliary components : the properties of the propellant are greatly influenced by the size and shape of its grains .
the surface of the grains influences the speed of burning , and the shape influences the surface and its change during burning .
by selection of the grain shape it is possible to influence the pressure vs time curve as the propellant burns .
faster-burning propellants generate higher temperatures and higher pressures , however they also increase the wear of the gun barrels .
a primex powder contains 0-00 % nitroglycerin , 0-00 % dibutyl phthalate , 0-00 % polyester adipate , 0-0 % rosin , 0-0 % ethyl acetate , 0.0-0 .0 % diphenylamine , 0-0 .0 % n-nitrosodiphenylamine , 0-0 .0 % 0-nitrodiphenylamine , 0-0 .0 % potassium nitrate , 0-0 .0 % potassium sulfate , 0-0 .0 % tin dioxide , 0.00-0 % graphite , 0-0 % calcium carbonate , and nitrocellulose as the remainder to 000 % .
usa smokeless powder manufacturer 's material safety data sheet ingroup bias is the preferential treatment people give to whom they perceive to be members of their own groups .
experiments in psychology have shown that group members will award one another higher payoffs even when the `` group '' they share seems random and arbitrary , such as having the same birthday , having the same final digit in their u.s. social security number , or even being assigned to the same flip of a coin .
ingroup effects appear to be stronger , however , when the group is smaller relative to another high-power group .
this cognitive bias has been studied extensively by henri tajfel .
it is considered a group-serving bias , as opposed to an outgroup homogeneity bias .
jack whyte -lrb- johnstone , renfrewshire , scotland , 0000 -rrb- is an author and writer born and raised in scotland , but living in kelowna , british columbia , canada since 0000 .
whyte 's major work to date is the `` a dream of eagles '' series -lrb- as it is titled in canada , but known as `` the camulod chronicles '' in the united states and elsewhere -rrb- .
this series of historical novels presents the tale of king arthur set against the backdrop of roman britain .
this retelling of the popular legend eschews the use of magic -lrb- as in t. h. white 's the sword in the stone -rrb- to explain arthur 's ascent to power and instead relies on the historical condition -lrb- with some artistic license -rrb- of post-roman britain to support the theory that arthur was meant to counter the anarchy left by the roman departure from britain in 000 ad and the subsequent colonization and invasion of britain by various peoples from northwestern europe , including the saxons , jutes , franks , and angles -rrb- .
whyte incorporates both traditional arthurian names , places and events -lrb- albeit in gaelic or latin form -rrb- as well as the names of various historical figures that have been suggested as being the possible basis for the original king arthur legend .
the tacit implication is that whyte 's version of history is the true story that has become distorted over time to become the legend and stories of magic that we know today .
jack whyte served as the official bard of the calgary highlanders and performed several tracks of poetry and song on the 0000 album `` eighty years of glory : the regimental pipes , drums and bard of the calgary highlanders . ''
`` a dream of eagles '' -lrb- `` camulod chronicles '' -rrb- .
the two volumes the sorcerer : the fort at river 's bend and the sorcerer : metamorphosis were written as a single volume entitled the sorcerer but were split for publication .
new series on scottish heroes .
at a public reading in his hometown of kelowna , british columbia , on thursday , november 0 , 0000 , jack whyte announced that he had , earlier that day , signed a contract for a new series of books on the heroes of his scottish homeland including william wallace and robert the bruce .
he 'll start the series following completion of the templar series which is still underway .
though primarily a novelist , whyte has also written and published at least one short story : the politics of queensland has several unique features with respect to other states in australia including a unicameral legislature .
like the other australian states , queensland is a dual-level constitutional monarchy .
thus the queen of australia is head of state of the commonwealth but also head of state of queensland .
the queen is represented in the state by the governor , currently quentin bryce .
the governor appoints the premier -lrb- currently anna bligh -rrb- and members of cabinet from the majority party in the legislative assembly .
queensland is the only australian state to have a unicameral parliament .
the legislative assembly has 00 members and sits in parliament house , brisbane .
currently , the australian labor party holds 00 seats , the nationals 00 , the liberal party of australia seven seats , and the one nation party one .
there are also five independent mps .
the supreme court of queensland , trial division , is the highest original jurisdiction , and the court of appeal is the highest appellate jurisdiction within queensland .
the current chief justice is paul de jersey .
the high court of australia hears appeals from the court of appeal .
there are several factors that differentiate queensland 's government from other australian states : these conditions have had notable practical ramifications for politics in queensland .
the lack of an upper house for substantial legislative review has meant that queensland has had a tradition of domination by strong-willed , populist premiers , often with arguably authoritarian tendencies , holding office for long periods .
in the past , the focus on rural and regional interests meant that the state was a national party stronghold .
the long-standing conservative coalition in australia has recently been dominated by the liberal party , with the nationals in a subsidiary position .
the reverse is true in queensland , with the queensland division of the liberal party often fighting the nationals for control of electorates .
the dramatic collapse in support for the goss government resulted in its returning from the 0000 general election with a majority of only one seat .
this in turn was subsequently lost after the controversial and closely-fought mundingburra by-election .
the nationals formed minority government after securing the support of independent liz cunningham , with rob borbidge becoming premier .
in stark contrast to that of some of his predecessors , borbidge 's government was not markedly domineering .
however , controversies such as public service purges , disputes with the criminal justice commission , and other scandals did do some damage to the government .
events were superseded by the meteoric rise of controversial federal politician pauline hanson .
especially popular in her native queensland , hanson 's decision to form her own political party -lrb- pauline hanson 's one nation -rrb- was greeted with apprehension by all the other parties , in particular the nationals striving to maintain their rural conservative heartland .
in 0000 a bitter dispute broke out within and between the liberal and national parties over whether one nation candidates should be ranked lower on how to vote cards than labor candidates .
eventually , the nationals decided to place labor behind one nation .
this move backfired spectacularly in the election , with the urban liberal vote deserting to labor and an unexpectedly high one nation primary vote giving the party 00 seats in parliament .
labor attained 00 seats , one short of a majority , and achieved government with the support of cunningham and new independent peter wellington .
the new minority government managed to secure itself a majority in a by-election and was dominated overwhelmingly by the always-smiling self confessed `` media tart '' peter beattie .
a major controversy broke in 0000 on the eve of the election , when a number of very prominent labor party figures were implicated in rorting internal preselection and party ballots .
the subsequent shepardson commission of inquiry was widely expected to destroy the government .
beattie immediately undertook a purge , taking the opportunity to dispatch several factional enemies , and promised a `` cleanskin '' approach .
to the surprise of many , beattie 's public contrition was overwhelmingly popular , and in contrast to its previous tenuous hold on power , the government won a massive majority of 00 seats , with the liberal party being reduced to only three seats in parliament .
in february 0000 , the beattie labor team was again returned to government with 00 seats , national party 00 seats , the liberal party 0 seats , 0 one nation and 0 independents this election saw the continual decline of the once conspicuous one nation party from 0 seats in 0000 and 00 seats in 0000 .
it also saw the entrenched status of the queensland labor party with its untouchable majority , despite allegations of bullying by senior ministers , improper private use of public vehicles , the `` wingate '' affair involving first-time minister for indigenous affairs , liddy clark , and the government 's repeated use of freedom of information laws to prevent the publication of potentially damaging information .
some notable outcomes of the 0000 election were the unseating of labor minister , merri rose , with a swing of 00 % following her involvement in the use of a government vehicle by her son for private purposes , and the victory in former national party premier rob borbidge 's seat , surfers paradise , by the liberal candidate , john-paul langbroek .
following the 0000 election , the national and liberal parties ended their coalition and the liberal party became a minor party on the back benches .
0000 saw a similar landscape for queensland politics as 0000 : increasing allegations that the labor government lacked accountability and that the queensland opposition lacks ability to hold the government to account .
the once unstoppable national-liberal coalition remained in tatters as the parties continued their war of words over who held the greatest chance of electoral success in the one-time national party heartland of the gold coast .
the liberal party was adamant that it had better electoral prospects by distancing itself from the national party despite the national party holding three times as many seats .
the premier instigated an independent inquiry into allegations of medical malpractice at bundaberg hospital , and in particular the circumstances behind the engagement of the unqualified doctor , jayant -lrb- `` dr death '' -rrb- patel , whose involvement was linked to numerous deaths at the hospital opposition parties and community groups protested that the terms of reference were narrow , avoiding investigation into broader allegations of maladministration of queensland health and bullying of departmental employees .
the resignations of deputy premier terry mackenroth and speaker ray hollis triggered by-elections in the electorates of chatsworth and redcliffe on 00 august 0000 .
both of the formerly safe labor seats were lost and liberal candidates michael caltabiano and terry rogers were elected as the new members for chatsworth and redcliffe respectively .
following the announcement that nita cunningham would be retiring because of cancer , premier beattie called a general election for 0 september the coalition failed to promote a united team under lawrence springborg mp , ready to assume government following a failed attempt to merge to the national party into the queensland liberal party earlier in the year .
with the election due to be called any day , the liberal party surprised the public by ejecting long standing leader , bob quinn , and electing bruce flegg mp as leader of the liberal party .
the election campaign commenced badly for the coalition when in the opening days flegg was unable to clearly articulate the coalition position should the liberals achieve a majority in their party upon winning government , and continued with numerous gaffes which were keenly covered by the media .
the coalition found it difficult to gain momentum after these initial blunders and despite a number of real issues to take the government to task over concerning infrastructure , the health system and water , the media remained focussed on the personal leadership skills of the coalition 's front men .
the alp campaigned on the theme of a solid leadership team and this was overwhelming endorsed at the polls .
the queensland parliament has the highest female parliamentary representation in australia and the third highest in the world .
the lincoln futura was never a production model , but was instead a concept car designed by the lincoln division of ford motor company .
it was built by ghia entirely by hand in italy at a cost of $ 000,000 and displayed on the auto show circuit in 0000 .
futura 's styling was extravagantly impractical even by the standards of the '00s , with a double , clear-plastic canopy top , exaggerated hooded headlight pods , and very large , outward-canted tailfins at both ends of the vehicle .
nevertheless , the futura had a complete powertrain and was fully operable in contrast to many show cars then and now .
its original color was white , and was one of the first pearlescent color treatments , using ground pearl to achieve the paint effect .
the futura was powered by a 000 cubic inch lincoln engine and powertrain ; the chassis was that of a lincoln mark ii .
the futura was a success as a show car , garnering a great deal of favorable publicity for ford .
it was released as a model kit and a toy , and in a much more subdued form its headlight and tailfin motifs would appear on production lincolns for 0000 and 0000 .
it even played a prominent part in a movie , 0000 's `` it started with a kiss , '' starring debbie reynolds and glenn ford .
for the movie , it was painted red , as the pearlescent finish did not photograph well .
after that , though , the car would logically have been forgotten and perhaps destroyed , as most show cars of that time were .
however , it was somehow sold into the hands of george barris , one of the great auto customizers .
as the car was never titled and was therefore uninsurable , it was parked behind barris ' shop where it sat idle for several years and was allowed to deteriorate .
when in 0000 he was requested to design a theme car for the `` batman '' television series on short notice , he thought at once of the futura , and decided that its unusual winged shape would be an ideal starting point for the batmobile .
barris then contracted stylist dean jeffries to transform the futura into the batmobile , which jeffries accomplished in about six weeks .
jeffries would later comment on the thickness of the metal and the quality of ghia construction .
barris went on to build five duplicates for the show circuit , three of which are covered with a felt-like finish .
for the filming of the batman series , barris replaced the lincoln frame and engine with 0000 ford galaxie parts .
rogers pass -lrb- el .
0,000 m. -rrb- is a high mountain pass through the selkirk mountains of british columbia used by the canadian pacific railway and the trans-canada highway .
the pass is a shortcut across the `` big bend '' of the columbia river from revelstoke on the west to donald , near golden , on the east .
the pass was discovered on may 00 , 0000 by major albert bowman rogers , a surveyor working for the canadian pacific railway .
rogers pass is in the heart of glacier national park , in the midst of mountains popular for ski mountaineering and mountain climbing ever since the region became accessible in 0000 .
the location has tourist services including a visitor 's centre , hotels and national park services .
rogers pass is a narrow valley surrounded by a number of mountains .
it is formed by the headwaters of the illecillewaet river to the west and by beaver river to the east .
both of these rivers are tributaries of the columbia river , which loops about 000 km around to the north of the pass .
it was named after major rogers who first surveyed the pass .
rogers pass is known for its winter snowfall , which amounts to about 00 m per year .
because of steep mountains , avalanches are very common in winter .
when the railway first went over the pass , 00 snow sheds amounting to about 0.0 km were built to protect the railway from the avalanches .
to keep the trans-canada highway open during the winter , the military uses 000 mm howitzers to knock down the avalanches under controlled circumstances so traffic is not caught in unexpected avalanches .
during the 0000s when the canadian pacific railway was being planned , the preferred route through the rocky mountains was the northerly yellowhead pass .
when the railway construction project was turned over to a private company in 0000 , the route was changed to the kicking horse pass .
while the railway was being built across the prairies , the railway company had to find a pass over the unexplored selkirk mountains , or else it would have to detour around them via the big bend .
major a. b. rogers was hired in april 0000 by the railway company to find the pass with the promise of having the pass named after him and a $ 0000 bonus .
walter moberly had discovered eagle pass just to the west , and based on suggestions in moberly 's reports , rogers started out from what is now revelstoke , up the illecillewaet river .
running out of food , rogers and his party almost reached the summit but turned back feeling reasonably confident that a pass existed .
rogers returned the following year , 0000 , from the east and reached a point where he could see where he had stopped the previous season , confirming that the pass existed and was good enough for the railway rapidly approaching across the prairies .
rogers was reluctant to cash the $ 0000 cheque , and instead framed it for his wall until cpr general manager van horne offered him a gold watch as an incentive to cash it .
when the railway was built through the pass in 0000 , the eastern approach up the beaver river required some of the largest bridges on the line , including the often-photographed stoney creek bridge .
a series of loops were used on the west side of the pass to deal with the steep hill and avoid the avalanche routes .
after the canadian pacific railway was completed in the fall of 0000 , the railway was shutdown for the winter to observe the avalanches .
in response , 00 snow sheds were built , with a total length of about 0.0 km .
some major avalanches that came without warning caused the railway serious loss of life and property .
in 0000 , 0 people were killed when an avalanche destroyed the train station at the pass .
in 0000 , the cpr suffered its worst loss .
a crew and rotary snowplow were working to clear a snow slide when a second slide from the opposite side of the valley came down , killing 00 people .
to avoid the avalanches the 0 km -lrb- 0 mile -rrb- connaught tunnel was completed under rogers pass in 0000 .
at the time , this was the longest railway tunnel in north america .
some sections of the abandoned railway eventually became walking rail trails in glacier national park .
even with the tunnel , some of the cpr 's largest locomotives and long helper districts were used to get trains up and over the pass .
the selkirk steam locomotive , one of the biggest , was named after the mountain range penetrated by this pass .
in 0000 , the canadian pacific railway opened the 00.0 km -lrb- 0.0 mile -rrb- mount macdonald tunnel under the pass to increase capacity -lrb- operating one tunnel in each direction -rrb- and to decrease the grades on the approach from the east .
the original highway between revelstoke and golden followed the columbia river around the big bend to avoid crossing rogers pass .
between 0000 and 0000 a new highway was built over the pass to shorten the route , which now formed part of the trans-canada highway .
this also allowed the construction of mica dam , which flooded part of the big bend as kinbasket lake .
a number of snow sheds and earth dams are used to protect the rogers pass highway from avalanches .
an emergency vehicle is any vehicle that is designated and authorised to respond to an emergency .
these vehicles are usually operated by designated agencies , often part of the government , but also run by charities , non-governmental organisations and some commercial companies .
there are many types of emergency vehicle , dependant on jurisdiction .
some examples of emergency vehicles include : many emergency response vehicles -lrb- espeically those of the main police , fire and ambulance services -rrb- are likely to be fitted with audible and visual warning devices , which are designed to facilitate their movement through traffic to reach their destination , and to provide some protection on the scene .
depending on local laws , vehicles on the road may be required to yield the right of way to emergency responders who are using their warning devices .
even in areas where no such laws exist , many motorists may allow the vehicle to pass as a matter of courtesy .
in many countries , emergency vehicles are usually dispatched from a centre that takes calls from an emergency telephone number , such as 0-0-0 , 000 or 0-0-0 .
colours and livery tend to vary widely between services and jurisdictions , dependant on the individual requirements and preferences of the service .
in addition , it is possible to encounter two paint schemes for vehicles from the same service , if the older vehicles are not repainted after a livery scheme is changed or if a smaller department can not afford custom painting of their equipment .
colour and design choices reflect several needs , but typically may include programming languages generally have a set of operators that are similar to operators in mathematics : they are somehow special functions .
in addition to arithmetic operations they often perform boolean operations on truth values and string operations on strings of text .
relational operators are used to test two values , such as equality if one value is greater than another .
unlike functions , operators often provide the primitive operations of the language , their name consists of punctuation rather than alphanumeric characters , and they have special infix syntax and irregular parameter passing conventions .
the exact terminology , however , varies from language to language .
conventionally , the computing usage of `` operator '' goes beyond the set of common arithmetic operators .
the c programming language , for example , also supports operators like & , + + and sizeof .
operators like sizeof , which are alphanumeric rather than a mathematical symbol or a punctuation character , are sometimes called `` named operators '' .
see operators in c and c++ .
operators in c are primitive operations of the language that the compiler can fairly directly map into the machine instructions of microprocessors .
on the other hand , in languages such as haskell and prolog , operators are a purely syntactic concept .
any combination of symbols and punctuation can be used as an operator , and its precedence and associativity can be set .
while haskell only allows new binary operators , prolog allows one to define operators that are either unary or binary and either prefix , infix or postfix .
in haskell , the operator can be defined and applied just like a function and vice versa by the appropriate use of parentheses or backquotes .
analogously in prolog , `` terms '' use either operators or normal `` functors '' and quotes convert between the usages .
in certain programming languages , such as postscript , the use of the word `` operator '' has more specific meaning , in that an operator is an executable element in the stack .
because operators here are always written postfix , the need for parentheses is redundant as the way objects are taken from the stack ensures correct evaluation .
this is an example of reverse polish notation .
computers are mathematical devices , but compilers and interpreters require a full syntactic theory of all operations in order to parse formulae involving any combinations correctly .
in particular they depend on operator precedence rules , on order of operations , that are tacitly assumed in mathematical writing .
most operators are binary or unary , although operators with higher arity such as the ternary operator exist .
binary operators -lrb- `` bi '' as in `` two '' -rrb- have two operands .
in `` a * b '' the * operator has two operands : a and b .
in '' !
b '' the '' ! ''
operator -lrb- meaning boolean not -rrb- has only one operand , and is therefore a unary operator .
the '' - '' and '' + '' operators can be both binary and unary , in '' -0 '' or '' +0 '' it denotes a negative or a positive number , in `` 0-0 '' it acts as the subtraction operator .
operators have associativity .
this defines the correct evaluation order if a sequence of the same operator is used one after another : whether the evaluator will evaluate the left operations first or the right .
for example , since subtraction in most languages is left associative , the expression 0 - 0 - 0 evaluates left to right : 0 - 0 is evaluated first , and the result is 0 -lrb- rather than 0 -rrb- .
the exponentiation operator -lrb- typically written as ^ or ** -rrb- is often right associative .
so 0 ^ 0 ^ 0 equals 0 ^ 0 , not 00 ^ 0 .
in some programming languages an operator may be `` ad-hoc polymorphic '' , that is , have definitions for more than one kind of data , -lrb- such as in java where the + operator is used both for the addition of numbers and for the concatenation of strings -rrb- .
such an operator is said to be `` overloaded '' .
in languages that support operator overloading by the programmer but have a limited set of operators , such as c++ , operator overloading is often used to define customized uses for operators .
some languages also allow for the operands of an operator to be implicitly converted or `` coerced '' to suitable data types for the operation to occur .
for example , in perl coercion rules lead into 00 + `` 0.00 '' producing the result of 00.00 .
the text `` 0.00 '' is converted to the number 0.00 before addition can take place .
further , 00 is an integer and 0.00 is either a floating or fixed-point number -lrb- a number that has a decimal place in it -rrb- so the integer is then converted to a floating point or fixed-point number respectively .
in the presence of coercions in a language , the programmer must be aware of the specific rules regarding operand types and the operation result type to avoid subtle programming mistakes .
in the iverson notation that later became apl , kenneth e. iverson defined several operators -lrb- reduction , inner product , outer product -rrb- acting on functions to produce functions .
so , for example , + / -lrb- plus-reduce -rrb- applies the reduction operator to the binary function + to create a function for adding vectors , rows of matrices , etc. thus : many more operators -lrb- scan , each , curry ... -rrb- have been defined since then in various dialects of apl , and user-defined operators have also been added in those dialects of apl that provide nested arrays .
agathe backer grøndahl -lrb- 0 december 0000 -- 0 june 0000 -rrb- was a norwegian pianist and composer .
she was born in holmestrand , but in 0000 moved with her family to oslo , where she studied with otto winther-hjelm , halfdan kjerulf and ludvig mathias lindeman .
from 0000 she studied in berlin , where she won fame with her interpretation of beethoven 's fifth piano concerto .
later she studied with hans von bülow in florence , and franz liszt in weimar in 0000 .
she married the conductor olams andreas grøndahl in 0000 .
grøndahl composed in total some 000 pieces spanning seventy opus numbers , and was a prominent character on the norwegian musical scene ; she was a close friend of edvard grieg .
later in life she became almost completely deaf , and was forced to give up her career as a performing artist .
agathe backer grøndahl died in oslo at the age of 00 .
she is chiefly remembered for her piano pieces and songs .
her sister was harriet backer , the famous painter .
highway 000 is a 000-series highway in the greater toronto area of ontario , canada , that runs from immediately south of the queen elizabeth way/gardiner expressway interchange -lrb- its exact southern terminus is on the brown 's line at coules court , just south of evans avenue -rrb- in toronto to highway 0 in vaughan .
it is 00.0 kilometres in length .
highway 000 is ontario 's second busiest freeway by volume , and has no fewer than 00 lanes between the qew/gardiner and highway 000 , divided into a collector-express system similar to that of highway 000 .
notable about highway 000 are its several multi-level interchanges ; the junctions with qew and highway 000 were ontario 's first 0-level interchanges constructed in the late 0000s and early 0000s while the interchanges with highway 000 and highway 000 are more recent and were completed in 0000 and 0000 .
highway 000 was inaugurated in 0000 and incorporated two existing routes ; the freeway portion of highway 00 between the qew and highway 000 -lrb- the initial 000 and highway 00 was the toronto bypass in the 0000s -rrb- , and the airport expressway -lrb- that section of 000 is still known by the name since it opened in 0000 -rrb- between the 000 and toronto pearson international airport since the construction of the former terminal 0 in the 0000s .
since 0000 , there has been no `` direct '' access from highway 000 westbound to highway 000 northbound and vice versa ; that link is provided by highway 000 instead .
the carlingview drive was added into the interchange to serve local needs .
the complicated 000-000 interchange also includes high-speed ramps between from eglinton avenue westbound to highway 000 westbound , highway 000 , and highway 00 ; those freeway-to-freeway connectors -lrb- which seem excessive even for an arterial road like eglinton -rrb- were meant for the abandoned richview expressway project which was proposed to run eastward from that interchange , parallel to eglinton .
plans to have highway 000 run directly to the 000-000 interchange were scrapped and it was replaced by a collector-express setup on highway 000 from 000 's eventual eastern terminus -lrb- 000-000-000 interchange -rrb- to 000 .
in 0000 , highway 000 was initially extended to provincial highway 00 -lrb- albion road -rrb- , along the clairville resevoir .
this was later abandoned in favour of a new routing , which incorporated a new interchange with the future highway 000 .
the morning star drive at-grade access and the at-grade intersection with highway 000 were removed , to be replaced with an overpass and flyover ramp , respectively , making highway 000 a fully controlled access freeway .
by the mid-0000s the northern stretch from highway 000 to highway 0 was completed , replacing the former secondary route known as indian line , which also served as the toronto/peel boundary .
highway 000 is one of the few exposed concrete surfaced roads in ontario , for the segment between the qew and 000 , and it has exceeded its intended 00-year lifespan .
from the qew north to just before the highway 000 interchange , the pavement in the original express right lanes is un-grooved concrete , while the passing lane adjacent to the median is a grooved surface as it is newer pavement .
this is very noticeable to drivers , as the grooving -lrb- tining -rrb- makes a unique noise on the tires , which is uncommon in ontario , but very common in all usa concrete driving surfaces .
highway 000 's collector-express system between 000 and the qew replaced the service roads that previously ran next to that routing -lrb- when it was previously known as highway 00 -rrb- .
as highway 000 lies between mississauga and etobicoke , with two different road grid plans , there is no major arterial running parallel to highway 000 .
to compensate , one unique feature of highway 000 's collector-express system is that its collector lanes have numerous riro onramps and offramps to serve residential traffic .
the ramps connect to the two minor arterials , the west mall and the east mall , that run north-south parallel to highway 000 from eglinton avenue to evans avenue -lrb- the west mall way 's northern terminus is at rathburn road and one can continue to eglinton via renforth drive -rrb- .
these riro ramps supplement the freeway 's standard parclo interchanges with several major east-west arterials .
the collector-express system is also needed , due to the relatively close proximity of the interchanges with dundas street , burnhamthorpe road , and rathburn road .
unlike highway 000 whose main collector-express system is also designed to increase the overall capacity of the road , highway 000 's collector-express system merely separates two streams of traffic , squeezing two parallel freeways into one corridor .
the express lanes connect the qew/gardiner with 000 and exclusively lead to freeway-to-freeway ramps , while the collector lanes link up highway 00 with browns line and have interchanges with local traffic .
by contrast , on highway 000 , the collectors enjoy equal access to intersecting freeways as the express lanes do , so their use is not restricted to local traffic -lrb- it is often common for the mto to close off either the express or collector lanes for night maintenance on highway 000 , but not highway 000 -rrb- .
there are transfers between express and collector lanes ; however 000/airport to qew/gardiner traffic has grown far heavier , making the express lanes congested while the collectors are underused .
a good example of this jam occurs on highway 000 southbound at the collector-to-express transfer near bloor street , where the majority of commuters need to get to the express lanes in order to reach the qew/gardiner .
there is little utility for the collectors south of that transfer since only a minority of motorists are headed for local traffic -lrb- the queensway , evans avenue , browns line -rrb- .
recent 000-qew interchange improvements in 0000-0000 allowed southbound traffic in the collector lanes to access the gardiner expressway via a newly constructed loop ramp .
from summer 0000-0000 , an `` ontario '' tall-wall concrete median barrier , incorporating high-mast lighting , was installed in the segment between highway 000 and the qew , after complaints that the existing steel `` w '' guardrail -lrb- in use since 0000 -rrb- was insufficient to stop traffic from crossing over to the opposing lanes , considering the high volumes .
though the original truss light poles -lrb- initially fitted with mercury , later replaced with high-pressure sodium in the 0000s -rrb- are no longer in use , they have not been removed as of june 0000 .
there is talk of expanding this route further north from vaughan , to at least highway 00 , and possibly as far north as barrie , as a parallel bypass of the existing highway 000 whose traffic levels are expected to outstrip expansion capacity in the next 00 years .
no firm plans for a 000 extension have been put forward yet , but current plans will likely extend the road to rutherford road or possibly major mackenzie drive .
recent construction off the north end of the highway looks to be preparation for development of the extension to the north .
the hatchie river is a major watercourse of southwestern tennessee .
it is of considerable geographic , cultural , and historic significance .
in large measure this is because it is the only major stream of west tennessee that has never been impounded , channelized , or otherwise modified by human activity to any major degree , although several of its tributaries have .
its environs are indicative of what much of west tennessee must have resembled prior to the time of white settlement in early 00th century .
the hatchie actually rises in northern mississippi and crosses into hardeman county , tennessee near the community of pocahontas .
after a short jog into adjoining mcnairy county , tennessee , the hatchie flows north , in a very roundabout , sinuous way , then turns northwest toward the hardeman county seat of bolivar .
while there is usually a discernable main channel , the hatchie at this point is largely a zone of wetlands approximately one mile -lrb- 0.0 km -rrb- wide .
supposedly bolivar was the head of navigation for small , shallow-draught steamboats in the 00th century ; their pilots must have had exceptional skill .
from bolivar , the hatchie continues generally northwest , crossing into haywood county and the southwestern corner of madison county .
at this point it enters hatchie national wildlife refuge .
the rest of the stream course from this point generally trends west .
there is a `` bow '' to the north in the final part of the stream course , which forms the line between tipton county and lauderdale county .
the hatchie enters the mississippi river just north of the hatchie towhead and just south of the lower hatchie national wildlife refuge .
the hatchie is designated as a `` scenic river '' under the `` tennessee wild and scenic rivers act '' .
the name `` hatchie river '' is in a way a redundancy , as the word `` hatchie '' means `` river '' in many native american languages of the southeast .
variant names of the hatchie river include arteguet river and big hatchie river .
pam dawber -lrb- october 00 , 0000 in farmington hills , michigan -rrb- is an american actress , best known for her role as mindy mcconnell in `` mork & mindy '' .
pam dawber attended north farmington high school and oakland community college and began her career as a fashion model with wilhelmina and went on to a career as an actress .
her character was the comedic foil and eventual love interest for robin williams ' character , mork from the planet `` ork '' .
dawber parodied her `` mork & mindy '' character in the 0000 movie `` stay tuned '' .
dawber later starred in her own series as samantha russell on `` my sister sam '' , which ran on cbs from 0000 to 0000 .
dawber has a four-octave soprano voice .
she featured as mabel , in a los angeles civic light opera production -lrb- based on the joseph papp/new york shakespeare festival production -rrb- of gilbert & sullivan 's `` the pirates of penzance '' .
pam dawber is a national spokeswoman for big brothers big sisters of america .
she is married to actor mark harmon , with whom she has two sons ; sean thomas harmon -lrb- born april 00 , 0000 -rrb- and tyrone `` ty '' christian harmon -lrb- born june 00 , 0000 -rrb- .
dawber 's best friend , rebecca schaeffer , was murdered in the summer of 0000 .
she was devastated by her death .
dawber and schaeffer had worked together on `` my sister sam '' .
the portion of highway 000 west of highway 000 is owned and operated by the greater toronto airport authority , though it is still signed as highway 000 .
both the ontario provincial police -lrb- east of highway 000 to highway 000 -rrb- and peel regional police -lrb- west of highway 000 -rrb- patrol the highway .
nick tahou hots is a rochester , new york landmark restaurant famous for its garbage plate .
the restaurant was founded by its namesake , nick tahou , who died in 0000 after running the establishment for over 00 years .
despite the many regional variants all based on the same theme -lrb- such as penfield , fairport , henrietta , and perinton hots -rrb- , nick 's is widely regarded as the original garbage plate -lrb- and , as holder of the trademark , the only restaurant able to use the name -rrb- .
a garbage plate is a carefully organized combination of one selection out of -lrb- cheeseburger , hamburger , steak , hotdogs , white hots , italian sausage , breakfast sausage , fish , fried ham , grilled cheese , or eggs -rrb- , which are placed on top of a choice of two out of four sides -lrb- homefries , french fries , baked beans , or macaroni salad -rrb- .
on top of that are the options of mustard and onions and the signature ingredient : nick 's `` hot sauce '' - a greasy spiced sauce containing ground meat .
the garbage plate also comes with a side of starchy white italian-style bread and butter .
most patrons typically smother this in ketchup , mustard or a hot sauce , particularly frank 's red hot .
a0 steak sauce is also usually available .
one famous charitable tradition is the nick tahou 's garbage plate run sponsored by sigma phi epsilon at the university of rochester .
held annually in the spring , this three-man race begins at the ur river campus , where runners go through the city for 0.0 miles to nick tahou 's .
upon arrival of the first runner , a second teammate consumes a garbage plate as fast as possible .
once completed , a final runner runs back to campus completing the race .
some one-man teams attempt to finish all three tasks alone in a race appropriately titled the `` ironman . ''
all proceeds collected from sponsors and entering contestants are donated to cure .
it is also a tradition for many rochester institute of technology students to buy a garbage plate and eat it at nick tahou 's grave site on his birthday .
on a similar note , the roberts wesleyan college male cross country team also has an annual tradition .
the team runs 0 miles to nick tahou 's , consumes a garbage plate , and then runs 0 miles back to campus .
the only objective for this run is for each person to make it back to campus while still holding down the garbage plate , building both team unity and a strong stomach .
since 0000 , there were two nick tahou hots restaurants in rochester : one located in downtown rochester and the other satellite restaurant located on lyell avenue in the rochester suburb of gates .
in 0000 , steve tahou and his sister joanne tahou-demkou , the children of ike tahou -lrb- nick 's brother -rrb- , assumed full ownership of the lyell ave. location and renamed it `` steve t. hots and potatoes '' .
steve has returned to using rochester-based zweigle 's hot dogs and italian sausages , which were used in the original garbage plates at nick 's .
the original west main street location will continue to use the trademarked `` nick tahou '' and `` garbage plate '' names , and will keep using the nick tahou hot dog branded dogs in their plates .
while previously open all night , the downtown restaurant began closing at 0 p.m. in 0000 due to a spate of disturbances .
steve t. 's remains open twenty four hours a day .
peak times of business occur during the weekends shortly after 0 am , when local bars close .
nick 's has been featured on food network 's unwrapped as well as the `` city in a box '' monopoly based board game showcasing famous rochester landmarks .
the garbage plate was also highlighted in the july 0000 issue of the us airways in-flight magazine .
tunagate was a 0000 canadian political scandal involving large quantities of possibly tainted tuna that were sold to the public under order of the minister of fisheries and oceans , john fraser .
the story broke on september 00 in the cbc program `` the fifth estate '' .
fisheries inspectors had found that starkist tuna , made by a new brunswick plant , had spoiled and declared that it was `` not fit for human consumption , '' or even fit for cat food .
a st. andrews , new brunswick plant had processed the tuna , and the forced destruction of a million cans of tuna would likely cause the plant to close down .
the owners of the plant thus lobbied fisheries minister fraser who decided the tuna should be allowed on store shelves .
he later defended himself saying he felt the business owners were right that the inspectors were too severe , or that the inspectors could have made a mistake .
he also stated that he had two other independent groups test the tuna , but the lab that did these tests later revealed that their testing was not complete when fraser made his decision .
the day after the story broke , both opposition parties attacked fraser , and on thursday , a recall of the tuna was announced .
the following monday fraser resigned , mostly settling the affair .
the main unanswered question was how much prime minister brian mulroney knew at the time .
fraser at first stated that he had informed the prime minister 's office .
mulroney originally said so as well .
almost immediately afterwards both recanted and stated that mulroney had not been informed until the story had broken .
mulroney was also accused of being liberal with the truth when he told the `` new york times '' he had fired fraser as soon as he had heard of the affair , when in fact it had taken six days .
despite intense national coverage for many weeks , in the end , the story ended up being mostly forgotten .
today there remains no evidence of any people getting sick from the tuna that was sold .
fraser 's career recovered and eventually he became speaker of the house of commons .
the reputations of both starkist canada and the mulroney government were hurt , however .
starkist , which had enjoyed a thirty-nine percent market share , saw it collapse to near zero , and eventually it pulled out of canada .
the four hundred employees of the new brunswick plant , which still stands to this day , were put out of work as one of the largest employers in charlotte county shut down .
many progressive conservatives in canada argued the entire scandal was essentially a manifestation of an anti-mulroney media bias in canada .
mulroney himself would later quip that the canadian media gave the scandal more coverage than the gulf war .
yorkdale shopping centre is an upscale shopping mall with over 000 stores .
it is located in toronto , ontario , canada , in the former city of north york , and in the community of downsview , a suburb of toronto .
it is the fifth largest shopping mall in canada .
yorkdale also enjoys the highest sales per square foot of any mall in canada , with current merchandise sales levels at approximately $ 0000 -lrb- cad -rrb- / square foot .
the centre draws in approximately 000,000 customers a week .
yorkdale is canada 's oldest enclosed shopping centre .
the mall opened on february 00 , 0000 and was the first to include two major canadian department stores , simpson 's and eaton 's , under the same roof .
at the time of its opening , and for several years afterwards , it was the largest enclosed mall in the world .
yorkdale generated a tremendous amount of excitement when it first opened .
before yorkdale , most people in the toronto area did their major shopping downtown .
yorkdale was at the edge of the urbanized city , with only farmland around it .
however , it was strategically located next to the interchange of highway 000 and the proposed spadina expressway as well as the nearby dufferin street ; all three major routes have ramps dedicated to serving the mall .
yorkdale road forms the perimeter of the north and east sides of the mall .
a subway station on the spadina line that runs in the median section of allen road -lrb- formerly the spadina expressway -rrb- , and an intercity bus terminal would later be connected to yorkdale by way of a footbridge .
its gross leasable area -lrb- gla -rrb- was over a million square feet , by far the biggest in canada .
parking is still free .
the shopping centre had 00-foot-wide -lrb- 00.0 m -rrb- halls and 00-foot / 0.0 m tall ceilings which was , and still is , rare .
as a result , yorkdale is much less susceptible to overcrowding and stuffiness that have plagued more contemporary shopping mall designs .
interestingly , the corridors still retain this look and feel although renovations in 0000 replaced the ceilings , windows and skylights .
in 0000 yorkdale completed a major overhaul adding a rainforest cafe restaurant , a famous players silver city movie theatre -lrb- which has since been taken over by cineplex entertainment . -rrb-
, and an indigo books and music store on the north side of the mall , facing highway 000 .
in 0000 , a 00 million dollar expansion on the former site of its eaton 's department store increased the size of yorkdale to 0,000,000 square feet / 000,000.0 and increased the number of stores from about 000 to 000 .
it added old navy , zara , h&m , tommy hilfiger , and home outfitters as sub-anchors .
this gave yorkdale the title of the third largest mall in ontario after square one shopping centre in mississauga and toronto eaton centre , ahead of scarborough town centre in terms of retail floor space .
a unique element of this expansion was the construction of a 00 foot/00 .0 m high glass atrium running 000 feet/00 .0 m in length which hangs from an exterior support structure .
it is the first of its kind in canada and the largest in north america .
this project has continued on to include a complete renovation of the rest of the mall from 0000 to 0000 .
this renovation matched the dated sections of the mall to the same modern and stylish details of the 0000 expansion .
key elements of this project included new public washrooms , opening of a moxie 's restaurant , and new sliding automatic doors at all entrances .
the advertising campaign , branded as `` change it up ! ''
for the latest renovation and redevelopment of yorkdale received a maxi award from the international council of shopping centers -lrb- icsc -rrb- in 0000 .
maxi awards are one of icsc 's highest awards , and various awards are presented annually to shopping centres around the world for achieving high standards in marketing strategies and campaigns .
due to yorkdale 's high productivity , central location , and image , it has been the point of entry into the canadian market for many widely-acclaimed international retailers .
stores that have opened their first canadian store at yorkdale include : according to the international council of shopping centers , more than 00 american retailers contacted mall management , wanting to open their first canadian stores in yorkdale after crate and barrel revealed that their first store outside the united states would open here in 0000 .
the statue in the west parking lot was originally located at the base of the cn tower .
yorkdale is the site of the filming for smashmyipod , where two people bought an ipod with money that people had donated to them and smashed it in the mall 's apple store .
after returning again to smash an ipod nano , the smashers were eventually banned from the mall for one year .
rumspringa generally refers to a period of adolescence for members of the amish religious denomination - a subsect of the anabaptist christian movement - that begins around the age of sixteen and ends when a youth chooses baptism within the amish church or instead leaves the community .
the vast majority choose baptism and remain in the church .
not all amish use this term , but in sects that do amish elders generally view this time for courtship and finding a spouse .
as is the case in many societies , during this period rules may be relaxed and misbehavior is tolerated .
a view of `` rumspringa '' has emerged among some scholars and popular culture that this divergence from custom is part of adolescence for amish youth or a rite of passage .
among the amish who use this term , `` rumspringa '' simply refers to adolescence .
during that time a certain amount of misbehavior is unsurprising and is not so severely condemned -lrb- for instance , by `` meidung '' or shunning -rrb- .
adults who have made a permanent and public commitment to the faith would be held to the higher standards of behavior defined in part by the schleitheim and dordrecht confessions .
in a narrow sense the young are not bound by the ordnung because they have not taken adult membership in the church .
amish adolescents do remain however under the strict authority of parents who are bound to `` ordnung '' , and there is no period when adolescents are formally `` released '' from these rules .
a minority of youth do diverge from popularized customs of the amish community .
some may be found : diverging from community standards may sometimes go beyond the desires of the community , but that is not inconsistent with anabaptist tenets .
in particular it is essential for adults to enter baptism knowingly and informed , and that could mean informed of life outside the strict amish culture .
not all youth diverge from custom during this period , approximately half in the larger communities and the majority in smaller amish communities remain within the norms of amish dress or behavior during adolescence .
some amish youth do indeed separate themselves from the community , even going to live among the `` english '' , or non-amish north americans , experiencing modern technology and perhaps even experimenting with sex , drugs , and alcohol .
their behavior during this time represents no necessary bar to returning for adult baptism into the amish church .
most of them do not wander far from their family 's homes during this time , and large numbers ultimately choose to join the church .
however this proportion varies from community to community , and within a community between more acculturated and less acculturated amish .
for example , swartzendruber amish have a higher retention rate than the new order amish within the holmes county , ohio community .
this figure was significantly lower as recently as the 0000s , hostetler -lrb- 000-00 -rrb- provides evidence that desertion from the amish community is not a long-term trend , and was not less of a problem in the early colonial years .
it is very common for those individuals who choose not be baptized into the church to be shunned by their community and even by their own families .
as among the non-amish , there is variation among communities and individual families as to the best response to adolescent misbehaviour .
in some cases , patience and forbearance prevail , and in others , vigorous discipline .
far from an open separation from parental ways , the misbehaviour of young people during the `` rumspringa '' is usually furtive , though often collective -lrb- this is especially true in smaller and more isolated populations ; the larger communities are discussed below -rrb- .
groups of amish adolescents may meet in town and change into `` english '' clothing , and share tobacco , alcohol and marijuana ; girls may put on jewelry and cosmetics .
they may or may not mingle with non-amish in these excursions .
the age is marked normatively in some amish communities by allowing the young man to purchase a small `` courting buggy , '' or - in some communities - by painting the yard-gate blue -lrb- traditionally meaning `` daughter of marriageable age living here '' ; the custom is noted by a.m. aurand in `` the amish '' -lrb- 0000 -rrb- along with the reasonable caution that sometimes a blue gate is just a blue gate -rrb- .
there is some opinion that adolescent rebellion tends to be more radical , more institutionalized -lrb- and therefore in a sense more accepted -rrb- in the more restrictive communities .
diverging from community standards may sometimes go beyond the desires of the community , but is not inconsistent with anabaptist tenets especially the need for adults to enter baptism knowingly and informed .
not all youth diverge from custom during this period ; approximately half in the larger communities and the majority in smaller amish communities remain within the norms of amish dress or behavior during rumspringa .
the nature of the `` rumspringa '' period differs from individual to individual and from community to community .
in large amish communities like lancaster county , pennsylvania , holmes county , ohio , and elkhart and lagrange counties , indiana , the amish are numerous enough that there exists an amish youth subculture .
during the `` rumspringa '' period , the amish youth in these large communities will join one of various groups ranging from the most rebellious to the least .
these groups are not divided across traditional amish church district boundaries .
in many smaller communities , amish youth may have a much more restricted `` rumspringa '' period due to the smaller size of the communities .
likewise , they may be less likely to partake in strong rebellious behaviour since the anonymity offered in the larger communities is absent .
according to donald b. kraybill and james p. hurd , a mild form of `` rumspringa '' is practised among wenger old order mennonites when they turn 00 .
the word , literally meaning `` running around '' , in pennsylvania german , is a contraction of `` rum '' , an adverb meaning `` around '' -lrb- also used as a separable prefix as in the case of `` rumschpringe '' -rrb- , and the verb `` schpringe '' , meaning `` to run '' or `` to skip . ''
the word `` rumspringa '' is closely related to the standard german word `` herumspringen '' , although the `` rum '' has more of the meaning of `` around '' than `` about '' .
omitting the `` he '' syllable leaving only the `` rum '' is widely accepted in colloquial german and does not change the meaning of the prefix .
the modern german word `` springen '' means `` to jump '' and bears no meaning in the form of `` to run '' anymore .
in swiss german as in some german dialects , `` springe '' however does - besides meaning `` to jump '' - also mean `` to run '' .
in modern german `` to skip '' would rather be translated with the verb `` hüpfen '' .
the german noun `` herumspringen '' -lrb- literally `` to jump around '' -rrb- correlates with the pennsylvanian german word `` rumschpringe '' , describing a state of change or unrest , but bears no correlation to the amish custom of `` rumschpringe '' .
as evidenced by the sources below , popular culture and the media have cultivated the idea that the amish deliberately countenance adolescent rebellion .
perhaps the belief validates a cherished notion of amish wisdom , but tolerance for deviation from norms is not counted a virtue among the amish .
in interviews , amish have shown themselves to be aware of these misconceptions and are by turns bewildered and amused .
`` rumspringa '' is the subject of the film documentary `` devil 's playground '' .
director lucy walker gained unprecedented access to research and film inside the previously closed community , and this documentary film first investigated and publicized this phenomenon .
the documentary film has proved extremely popular and gained many accolades including being nominated for the independent spirit award for best documentary as well as three emmy awards -lrb- best documentary , best editing , best cinematography -rrb- .
spin-offs from `` devil 's playground '' include a book of walker 's transcribed interviews '' '' and a upn reality television series `` amish in the city '' .
following the release of `` devil 's playground '' , the practice has also been the subject of plotlines on the tv shows `` er '' , `` grey 's anatomy '' , `` las vegas '' , `` strong medicine '' , `` cold case '' , and `` judging amy '' , as well as being a part of the `` abram 's daughters '' series of novels from beverly lewis .
a 0000 `` oprah '' episode had as its subject `` rumspringa '' and `` devil 's playground '' and featured director lucy walker and film subject emma miller .
the dutch band the nits had a song named `` rumspringa '' on their 0000 album entitled 0000 .
rumspringa is also the title of a song in the scotch green 's second album , `` professional '' , with its lyrics regarding the rite of passage from the perspective of an amish teen who does not desire to return to the amish community .
contemporary amish culture and rumspringa in particular play an important role in tristan egolf 's third novel , `` kornwolf '' , about an amish teen coping with adolescence and his affliction with lycanthropy -lrb- werewolf-ism -rrb- .
`` kornwolf '' was published posthumously in 0000 .
tv show - cold case season 0 episode 0 `` running around '' aired : 00/0/0000 when the victim 's younger sister comes looking for her , the team re-opens the 0000 case of a missing amish girl who was murdered while she was in philadelphia experiencing the amish rite of passage called `` rumspringa '' .
beatmania iii -lrb- alternately beatmaniaiii or bmiii -rrb- is a rhythm video game created by konami .
gameplay is essentially the same as in the `` beatmania '' series , with a few enhancements to the hardware .
the `` beatmania iii '' series was relatively short-lived , spanning only 0 years .
it had five releases , the last one being `` beatmania iii the final '' in 0000 .
the `` beatmania iii '' cabinet features a total of 00 speakers .
there are four mid-range speakers stacked vertically on either side of the screen , and two subwoofers located on the front of the machine .
the cabinet also features a pair of headphone jacks , so that both players may use their own headphones to enjoy the game 's audio .
using headphones does not disable the external speakers .
whereas the original beatmania features simply an `` effector '' button , `` beatmania iii '' has an extensive panel for using a number of different effectors .
available effectors vary widely , including echo , low pass , high pass , flanger , phaser , volume bass , lo-fi , and several others .
the chosen effector can be applied to just the background track , just the sounds created by the player , or both , and the intensity of the effect can be adjusted with two parameter knobs .
enabling the effector is achieved by simply pressing the foot pedal .
while the original 0-keys-and-turntable layout remains unchanged , `` beatmania iii '' adds a foot pedal for each player .
in normal play , this enables or disables different sound-altering effectors .
some songs have a `` foot '' version that adds a seventh column with green note bars played using the foot pedal .
the game also allows players to set the foot pedal so that it functions as any one of the game 's 0 keys .
`` beatmania iii '' has a feature unique to the bemani series : a 0.0 inch floppy disk drive .
by inserting any blank windows-formatted disk before starting , the player can have the game create files on the disk used to record personal best scores .
after playing , the disk is then removed from the drive for later repeated use in `` beatmania iii '' , or for looking at scores using one 's personal computer .
the floppy disk was also required to unlock secret songs or game modes on some versions of the game .
the `` beatmania iii '' series was only released in the arcade ; no console releases were ever produced even though both japanese and us `` beatmania iidx '' controllers have output ports for a bass pedal .
each release added songs from the beatmania games their titles refer to , plus all previous arcade releases -lrb- except `` beatmania featuring dreams come true '' -rrb- .
for example , `` beatmania iii append 0thmix '' includes songs from `` beatmania iii '' , `` beatmania core remix '' , `` beatmania 0thmix '' , and `` beatmania 0thmix '' , hence the `` append '' part of the title .
edmund charles gruss -lrb- c. 0000 -rrb- is professor emeritus at the master 's college in santa clarita , california and an author .
he researches groups he considers to be `` cults '' and the occult and has written many books on those subjects especially on the ouija board and jehovah 's witnesses .
gruss was a member of the jehovah 's witnesses from the age of seven to seventeen .
he subsequently converted to evangelical christianity after he `` found christ . ''
choi-fm is a french language fm radio station that broadcasts on the frequency 00.0 mhz out of quebec city , quebec , canada , with a active rock format .
locally , it is known as radio x -lrb- a reference to `` generation x '' , as most of choi 's listeners consider themselves -rrb- .
it was owned by genex communications since july 0000 .
the bureau of broadcast measurement ratings released in december 0000 revealed that choi was the most popular radio station in the city with 000,000 listeners , up from 000,000 earlier in the year .
the station is well-known for airing controversial ideas and opinions , and is very critical of the province 's leftist political consensus , notably of the `` parti québécois '' .
the station has become a target of various groups for some controversial political statements , notably feminists and gay activists , as well as prominent politicians .
following a ruling by the crtc , the station 's licence lapsed , with its renewal application denied , in 0000 .
for failing `` to comply with the radio regulations 0000 -lrb- the regulations -rrb- as well as choi-fm 's code of ethics , adherence to which is required by one of its conditions of licence '' .
pending a court challenge , the station has been permitted to stay on-air without a licence .
on may 0 , 0000 , genex announced it would sell the station to radio nord communications .
the transaction -- strictly speaking , the issuing of a new licence to radio nord on the same frequency -- was approved by the crtc on october 00 .
jeff fillion was the most popular host at the station .
he was the morning man , hosting with his staff `` le monde parallèle de jeff '' -lrb- jeff 's parallel world -rrb- every weekday morning .
over the years , his ideas and opinions made him the city 's most controversial radio host .
he teamed up , during a certain time , with quebec city 's famous long-time morning man andré arthur .
fillion was sued numerous times by many well-known people around the province because of his controversial comments .
the station 's problems with the crtc are mostly attributed to him and his comments .
in the past , he was well-known for his show 's contests .
for example , he created a contest in the late 0000s where a woman would win a breast implants surgery on good friday - `` good friday '' being `` vendredi saint '' in french , and the words `` saint '' and `` sein '' -lrb- breast -rrb- have the same pronunciation .
on the air , on the morning of march 00 , 0000 , fillion announced that he was immediately resigning as host of the morning show .
in may 0000 , the former host started giving interviews to various quebec media where he complained about what he says is a lack of respect towards him by the station 's owners .
he says that they have not offered him any severance pay since he left the air .
the owners reply that they have offered him various jobs inside their company but he has refused all of them .
the station also claims that jeff fillion 's demands for severance pay are unreasonable .
they say that fillion 's demands are evaluated at 0 million dollars .
he is apparently also asking to be cleared of all responsibility in current or future lawsuits against him or the station .
this would bring the total to 0 million dollars .
gilles parent was hired by the station in 0000 .
he came from chik 00.0 mhz , choi 's rival station , to host the `` le retour de gilles parent '' every weekday afternoon .
his thoughts and opinions are less controversial and are expressed in a much more respectful manner than fillion 's .
marto napoli is the host of the `` drx 0.0 '' -lrb- short for '' `` décompte radio x 0.0 '' '' -rrb- which airs every weeknight from 0 to 0 .
he is known for making fun of people on the phone and mocking random things and people .
his show is very popular among teenagers .
in july 0000 , after choi 's issues with the crtc started to put the station in danger , he decided to create the `` drx army '' , in reference to the kiss army .
the drx army soldiers were defending choi with pacific acts and with a huge `` visibility operation '' , which caused the whole area of quebec and its surroundings to be marked with `` drx army '' and `` liberté ! ''
logos on farm doors and flags proudly being shown .
he pretends that marto napoli is his real name and that he is of italian descent , but it is all part of his show .
his real name is martin castonguay and he is the first son of édouard castonguay , a country/western singer .
he also organizes a tour , called the marto napoli tour , in bars around the province of quebec , where he starts huge parties with wet t-shirts contests and pet-o-boys contests .
with the money he gains from these parties , he helps the '' `` marto et ses ti-pauvres '' '' -lrb- marto and his little poor people -rrb- fundation , which is his way of calling the `` saint-vincent de paul de québec '' foundation that helps fight child poverty around the quebec city area .
since august 0000 , he also helps the '' `` fondation québécoise de la fibrose kystique '' '' , which is when godasse -lrb- `` old shoe '' , in french slang , slightly `` modified '' though -rrb- , a teenager who suffers from cystic fibrosis , joined the drx and started presenting `` la chronique à godasse '' every friday during the show .
denis gravel -lrb- known as '' `` the fucking news guy '' '' , name given by korn 's former guitar player -rrb- hosted `` le char de hits '' until 0000 , when it became the most popular radio program of the area at lunch time .
he also did the news segments during jeff fillion 's morning show .
when jeff fillion resigned , denis replaced him as the host of the morning show .
on march 00 , 0000 , he became well-known in the province for inadvertently revealing the name of one of the victims of a highly mediatised child prostitution case during gilles parent 's afternoon show , while performing a live commentary after a day in court , where popular radioman robert gillet of competitor station cjmf -lrb- 00.0 fm -rrb- had stood in the accused box .
on july 00 , 0000 , the canadian radio-television and telecommunications commission ruled that the radio station would be shut down because it kept airing offensive and insulting remarks even after being put on probation in 0000 .
this meant that the station would be forced to stop transmitting on the night of tuesday , august 00 , 0000 , when its licence expired .
this prompted a huge march in the streets of quebec city on july 00 when 00,000 people walked through the streets of the city to support the station , claiming the right of freedom of speech and opinion .
it was the largest march in the capital city of quebec since the 0000s .
on august 00 , 0000 , the station staged a protest against the crtc 's decision on parliament hill in ottawa where 0,000 quebec fans of the station went to the country 's capital to demonstrate their support for the station .
choi aired their regular afternoon show live from ottawa .
on august 00 , 0000 , the station filed an appeal in federal court to extend its licence and to reverse the crtc 's decision .
on august 00 , 0000 , the crtc and the federal government did not object to the station 's request to continue its normal operations during the court proceedings .
this means that even though the station 's licence expired on august 00 , 0000 , it has been permitted to continue transmitting after that date and as long as the court procedures are in progress .
the shutting down of choi by the crtc has generated a debate regarding freedom of expression in canada , notably since choi is the only right-wing radio station on the air in quebec and is generally opposed to the values and opinions of the liberal party of canada .
on may 00 , 0000 , the court started to hear the case .
for four days , the station 's lawyers pleaded to the three judges of the court that the crtc overstepped its authority in ordering the shutdown of the station .
they claimed that it should not be possible for the crtc to shut down a station based only on the contents of the station 's shows .
the lawyers also pleaded that the crtc could have used more moderate methods to punish the station , such as imposing a fine .
both the station and the crtc have said that should they lose , they will appeal the decision to the supreme court of canada .
on september 0 , 0000 , the court ruled against the station , stating in its decision that `` freedom of expression , freedom of opinion and freedom of speech do not mean freedom of defamation , freedom of oppression and freedom of opprobrium . ''
this means that the station must shut down within 00 days unless it tries to contest the decision in the supreme court , which it said it will do .
the court may decide to hear the case , in which case the station will probably be permitted to continue to broadcast during the hearings .
this would take at least a year .
if the court decides not to hear the case , the station will be forced to shut down immediately .
the station 's owners have said that should this happen , they will request a new licence from the crtc .
on june 00 , 0000 , the supreme court refused to ear the case , effectively forcing choi-fm to stop broadcasting at 00:00 the same day .
however , the crtc , genex , radio-nord and marc lachance made an agreement that sealed the transfer of the station to radio-nord , effectively keeping it on the air for another seven years .
the dispute has also had major political implications , as it was the primary reason that sylvain legare was elected in vanier in a by-election in 0000 for the adq .
in addition , radio personality andré arthur was elected as an independent in the 0000 federal election in portneuf -- jacques-cartier and most of the other seats in the area went to the conservative party of canada , which had previously been extremely weak in quebec .
hiroyuki wakabayashi -lrb- 若林広幸 , `` wakabayashi hiroyuki '' , 0000 - -rrb- is a japanese architect .
one of his first major notable works was a pickle shop in his native kyoto in 0000 , followed by humax pavilion in tokyo 's shibuya .
his 0000 design for the express train that links osaka 's namba station with kansai international airport won the blue ribbon prize .
he has also designed keihan uji station -lrb- 0000 -rrb- and the mainichi shimbun 's offices in kyoto -lrb- 0000 -rrb- .
stephen groombridge -lrb- january 0 0000 , goudhurst -- march 00 0000 , blackheath -rrb- was a british astronomer .
in 0000 , using a transit circle , he began compiling a star catalogue of stars down to about eighth or ninth magnitude .
he spent ten years making observations and another ten years doing reductions of the data -lrb- correcting for refraction , instrument error and clock error -rrb- .
in 0000 he suffered a `` severe attack of paralysis '' from which he never fully recovered .
others continued the work , continuing with corrections for aberration and nutation among others , and his `` catalogue of circumpolar stars '' was published in 0000 .
an earlier edition had been published in 0000 but was found to contain errors and was withdrawn .
a few years later in 0000 , one of the stars in his catalogue , groombridge 0000 , was discovered by friedrich wilhelm argelander to have a very high proper motion .
for many decades its proper motion was the highest known ; today it still occupies third place .
in time of the butterflies -lrb- novel -rrb- loughton is a london underground station , some two miles north of the greater london boundary , in the epping forest district of essex .
it is served by the central line and lies between buckhurst hill and debden.it is the main station in the town of loughton , in which debden also falls .
for the purposes of fare charging it is in zone 0 .
the original station was opened by the eastern counties railway on august 00 0000 and formed the terminus of the branch from london .
the actual location was on the site of what is now the lopping hall in loughton high road , on a continuation of what eventually became the goods sidings , the line running across what are now the house sites and gardens on the west side of station road .
the post 0000 goods and carriage sidings no longer exist and were located where the present car parks are .
the pre-0000 station also had sidings and a coal wharf , extending almost to what is now st mary 's church .
this station is extensively documented in h w paar and others , `` loughton 's first station '' 0000 .
there was also an excursion station or platform constructed along the westernmost edge of the goods yard site : this was used for the many thousands of excursionists who used loughton as a base to visit nearby epping forest .
it was re-sited some 000 yards to the south on april 00 0000 as part of the extension of the line to epping and ongar .
a new station was opened on april 00 0000 in readiness for london underground trains , which took over the service from british railways -lrb- eastern region -rrb- on november 00 0000 .
the current station is of notable architectural importance and is a grade ii listed building .
designed by john murray easton for the london & north eastern railway , on behalf of london transport , the main structure consists of a high , square block dominated by large arched windows at high level .
the main elevation is flanked by symmetrical wings and , to the south , a single story extension .
the whole building , as well as the associated disused signal cabin and sub-station , is finished in carefully bonded , incised , gault bricks .
the ticket hall takes the form of a lofty arched hall , from which leads a subway that gives access to the two island platforms .
the platforms are dominated by graceful , gull-winged shaped reinforced canopies that were altered during 0000s renovations .
although much original platform furniture has been lost the timber platform benches , with the london underground roundel forming the seat backs , survive .
the station has four platform faces and three tracks , with the middle track usually used for terminating trains which can be from either direction .
a proportion of eastbound trains are scheduled to terminate at loughton , most of which return to central london , although some go out of service into loughton sidings -lrb- usually after the evening peak and late at night -rrb- which can accommodate 00 trains .
buckhurst hill is a london underground station , just outside of london , in the epping forest district of essex .
it is served by the central line and is between woodford and loughton .
the station opened on 00 august 0000 as part of the eastern counties railway branch from london to loughton .
it originally had staggered platforms , with the main buildings on the down side .
the 0000 station house survives to the south of the present platforms , but most of the present station dates from 0000 , when the entrance was moved to victoria road .
by this date the station formed part of the great eastern railway which was , from 0000 , to become part of the london & north eastern railway .
the station was transferred to london underground ownership as part of the `` new works programme 0000/0000 '' scheme that saw the electrification of the branch to form part of the central line .
this occurred on 00 november 0000 .
the station maintains its late victorian ambience to a surprising extent .
there is a disused exit/entrance , that dates from the transfer to the underground , to queens road .
there is a second central line station in buckhurst hill at roding valley , on the hainault loop .
for the purposes of fare charging it is in zone 0 ; as of 0000 it is the only station on the eastern portion of the central line in that zone .
in the time of the butterflies -lrb- film -rrb- in the time of the butterflies is a 0000 feature film based on the julia álvarez book of the same name , covering the lives of the mirabal sisters .
in the movie , salma hayek plays one of the sisters , minerva , and edward james olmos plays the dominican dictator rafael leónidas trujillo whom the sisters opposed .
marc anthony plays a brief role as minerva 's first love and motivation for her later revolutionary activities .
cross rip was a twin screw diesel ferry that sailed under the hy-line flag .
she overnighted in nantucket and was on the nantucket-martha 's vineyard run .
`` cross rip '' was built in 0000 and was the last of the hy-line vessels to be built until 0000 when the `` great point '' was added to the hyannis-nantucket run .
a vision quest is a rite of passage in some native american cultures .
at many inuit and other native american groups , the vision quest is a turning point in life taken before puberty to find oneself and the intended spiritual and life direction .
when an older child is ready , he or she will go on a personal , spiritual quest alone in the wilderness .
this usually lasts for a number of days while the child is tuned into the spirit world .
usually , a guardian animal will come in a vision or dream , and the child 's life direction will appear at some point .
once the child has grown into his - or her - self , s/he will return to the tribe and pursue that direction in life .
if a child has not visionquested by puberty , the child is thought to be lazy .
after a vision quest , the child may apprentice an adult in the tribe of the shown direction -lrb- medicine man , boatmaker , etc -rrb- .
the vision quest may be a part of shamanism , more exactly , the learning and initiation process of the apprentice for achieving the ability for shamanizing , mostly under the guidance of an older shaman .
the vision quest may be said to make the initiated establish contact with a spirit or force .
psychologically , it may have effected hallucinations .
see a complex emic and etic approach to shamanism among eskimo peoples in .
the technique may be similar to sensory deprivation methods .
it may include long walking on uninhabited , monotonous areas -lrb- tundra , inland , mountain -rrb- ; fasting ; sleep deprivation ; being closed in a small room -lrb- e.g. igloo -rrb- .
algebra representation of a lie superalgebra if we have a lie superalgebra `` l '' , then , a -lrb- not necessarily associative -rrb- z0 graded algebra a is an algebra representation of `` l '' if as a z0graded vector space , `` a '' is a vector space rep of `` l '' and in addition , the elements of `` l '' acts as derivations/antiderivations .
more specifically , if `` h '' is a pure element of `` l '' and `` x '' and `` y '' are a pure elements of `` a '' , now , for the case of a representation of a lie algebra , we simply drop all the gradings and the -lrb- − 0 -rrb- to the some power factors .
given a vector space which happens to be an associative algebra and a lie algebra at the same time , and in addition , as an associative algebra , it is a rep of itself as a lie algebra ?
we then have a poisson algebra .
and what about the corresponding case for an associative superalgebra ?
we have a poisson superalgebra .
a lie -lrb- super -rrb- algebra is an algebra and it has an adjoint representation of itself .
now what does the -lrb- anti -rrb- derivation rule say ?
it is the superjacobi identity .
this is a special case of an algebra representation of a hopf algebra .
see also unitary representation of a lie superalgebra .
algebra representation of a lie algebra unitary representation of a real lie algebra love beads are one of the traditional accoutrements of hippies .
they consist of one or more long strings of beads , frequently handmade , worn about the neck by both genders .
the love bead trend probably evolved from the hippie fascination with non-western cultures , such as those of india and native america , which make common use of similar beads .
some believe that when one 's string of love beads breaks , they are soon to fall in love .
the dukes of medina sidonia are grandees of spain , holding the oldest dukedom in the kingdom , and were once the most prominent magnate family of the andalusian region .
the most famous was don alonso de guzmán el bueno , 0th duke of medina sidonia , who commanded the spanish armada .
the family of guzmán was originally lords of abiados , on the southern slope of the picos de europa in the hill country of león .
the name is believed to be a contraction or corruption of `` gundamaris '' , i.e. son of gundamar .
an early family tradition represents them as having come from britain , and they may have descended from one of the scandinavian invaders who attacked the north coast of spain in the 00th century .
it is in the 00th century that they first appear , and they grew great by the `` reconquista '' of the country from the muslims .
recent evidence unearthed in the family archives by the current duchess of medina sidona disputes this view .
instead , it suggests that guzman el bueno was actually a muslim , and may have been born in the moorish territories across the straits of gibraltar .
the branch to which the dukes of medina sidonia belonged was founded by alonso pérez de guzmán -lrb- 0000-0000 -rrb- , surnamed `` el bueno '' , the good , in the sense of good at need , or stout-hearted .
in 0000 he defended the town of tarifa on behalf of ferdinand iv , and when the besiegers threatened to murder one of his sons whom they held as a prisoner if he did not surrender , he allowed the boy to be killed .
he was rewarded by great grants of crown land .
the ducal title was conferred by john ii in 0000 on one of his descendants , juan alonzo de guzmán , count of niebla .
the addition `` el bueno '' to the family name of guzmán was used by several of the house , which included many statesmen , generals and colonial viceroys .
luisa de guzman -lrb- 0000-0000 -rrb- , eldest daughter of the 0th duke of medina-sidonia , became queen-consort of portugal when her husband john , duke of braganza became john iv , the first king of portugal of the house of braganza .
the style of address is normally `` your excellency '' .
ɖ = = dukes and duchesses of medina sidonia -lrb- 0000 -rrb- = = kevin hugh lowe -lrb- born april 00 , 0000 -rrb- in lachute , quebec , is a former defenceman and coach in the national hockey league and the current general manager of the edmonton oilers .
as a defenseman , he played for the edmonton oilers and the new york rangers .
he is married to canadian olympian karen percy .
lowe played 0 seasons starting in 0000 with the quebec remparts of the qmjhl .
he scored 00-000-000 in 000 games played , with 000 pim .
in the 0000-00 season , he was named the first english-speaking captain of a qmjhl team .
he was drafted in the first round , 00st overall , of the 0000 nhl entry draft by the edmonton oilers .
lowe played 00 full seasons in his first stint with the oilers , winning 0 stanley cups .
he was team captain for the 0000-00 season .
the oilers traded him to the new york rangers , in december 0000 -lrb- lowe was a restricted free-agent -rrb- .
there he helped other ex-oilers glenn anderson , jeff beukeboom , adam graves , craig mactavish , mark messier , and esa tikkanen to win another stanley cup , bringing his personal total to 0 .
in 0000 , he re-joined the oilers as a free agent , and played another full season .
he started the 0000-00 season with the oilers as well , but only played 0 games due to illness - an inner-ear virus that affected his balance , thus ending his playing career .
in total , lowe played in 0000 career regular season games , scoring 00-000-000 with 0000 penalty minutes .
he added another 000 playoff games , scoring 00-00-00 and earning 000 penalty minutes .
lowe joined the oilers staff in 0000 as an assistant coach .
in 0000 , he took over head coaching duties from ron low .
he was head coach for just a single season , getting the oilers to the first round of the playoffs .
he was appointed the team 's general manager in 0000 when long-time gm glen sather left for the new york rangers .
since then , he has been the oilers ' executive vice president and general manager .
lowe has also been responsible for assisting canadian national hockey teams .
he was a member of the management team for the canadian men 's ice hockey team at the 0000 winter olympics that won the gold medal , and was also named a manager for the 0000 world cup of hockey team .
in addition , he has managed team canada at world hockey championships .
in 0000 , the quebec major junior hockey league created the kevin lowe trophy -lrb- trophée kevin lowe -rrb- , awarded annually to the player in the qmjhl judged to be the best defensive defenseman .
kevin lowe holds the edmonton oilers record for most regular season and playoff games played as an oiler -lrb- 0000 and 000 -rrb- .
he was the team 's first-ever nhl draft pick , and scored their first nhl goal -lrb- a power play goal against the chicago blackhawks assisted by wayne gretzky and brett callighen -rrb- .
during his professional hockey career , lowe did not play a single game in the minor leagues , and his teams only once failed to make the playoffs .
kevin lowe was named an nhl all-star in 0000 , 0000 , 0000 , 0000 , 0000 , 0000 , and 0000 .
he also won the league 's king clancy memorial trophy in 0000 .
u.s. route 000 is a spur of u.s. route 0 in the u.s. state of maine .
us 000 begins in brunswick .
it follows the kennebec river from gardiner , maine , to the forks where it pulls away from the town and runs into the north woods .
route 000 ends in sandy bay township , where it enters quebec , canada , and becomes route 000 .
an alternate route , u.s. route 000a , runs through the towns of madison and norridgewock .
us 000 is concurrent to state route 00 from gardiner to augusta -lrb- a distance of 0 miles -rrb- , state route 000 from augusta to fairfield -lrb- about 00 miles -rrb- , state route 00 in bingham -lrb- 0 mile -rrb- , and state route 0 from jackman to sandy bay township -lrb- 00 miles -rrb- .
codification is the process of standardizing and developing a norm for a language .
codifying a language can vary from case to case and depends on the stage of standardization that already exists .
it typically means to develop a writing system , set up official rules for grammar , orthography , pronunciation , syntax and vocabulary as well as publishing grammar books , dictionaries and similar guidelines .
if there are several variants for a certain aspect , e.g. different ways of spelling a word , decisions on which variant is going to be the standard one have to be made .
in some countries such codification is done by a body constituted by the state , such as the french academy .
codification often happens due to new inventions , changes in values or other cultural influences .
after the process of decolonialization , many african states had to decide whether they wanted to keep the colonial language or chose one -lrb- or more -rrb- of their indigenous language varieties as official languages , which made language planning necessary .
in a well-known model of language planning by einar haugen , codification is only the second step , step one is the selection process , step three is the elaboration of vocabulary -lrb- especially technical terms -rrb- and step four the implementation of the changes in society .
in the process of language planning , there are two major levels : corpus planning and status planning -lrb- heinz kloss -rrb- .
codification is part of the corpus planning of a language , because the `` body '' of the language itself is being planned as opposed to status planning , where the prestige and usage of a language is enhanced : whether the codification was successful depends heavily on its acceptance by the population as well as its form of implementation by the government , e.g. promoting its prestige and spread , teaching the norm in school and language courses , and so on .
`` see also : '' official language , code , character encoding , language planning , standardization the honourable schoolboy , published in 0000 , is the second novel of the karla trilogy , written by spy author john le carré and won the james tait black memorial prize for literature .
although george smiley has a major role , the eponymous protagonist is the honourable jerry westerby , a newspaper reporter and some-time british spy , who was a minor character in the novel `` tinker , tailor , soldier , spy '' .
it is 0000 .
george smiley has cleaned house at the london headquarters of british intelligence , in the wake of exposing a mole .
as part of reconstructing and rehabilitating a badly compromised intelligence service , he seeks clues to put him on the trail of karla , smiley 's soviet counterpart .
his team 's discoveries soon lead him to call on the services of occasional agent the hon. jerry westerby .
following the discovery of a soviet mole in `` tinker , tailor , soldier , spy '' , george smiley is appointed chief of the severely weakened british secret intelligence service -lrb- nom de guerre , `` the circus '' -rrb- .
while smiley must immediately begin reconstructing the circus , he must also launch a successful offensive operation in order to save his service from the hawks within his own government .
smiley , sachs , and di salis `` take back-bearings '' -- they look for any investigation which had been unreasonably suppressed by bill haydon .
they find sam collins 's investigation of a `` gold seam '' -lrb- money laundering operation -rrb- in vientiane , laos , which points to karla , smiley 's kgb counterpart and nemesis ; from the start , it is evident that collins has his own secrets , and it gradually appears that he has his own agenda , too .
smiley dispatches journalist and `` occasional '' undercover agent jerry westerby , the `` honourable schoolboy '' , to hong kong .
there , westerby `` burns '' hong kong banker frost to get photos of drake ko 's account -- the final destination of the money flowing from moscow and through vientiane .
westerby 's photos reveal that ko 's is a `` lock-away account '' , with only one name on the account -- drake ko , founder of the trust .
the beneficiary of the trust is identified only by a fingerprint ; nothing has been withdrawn for the account ; its balance is now about us$ 000,000 .
work by craw and westerby in hong kong , and circus investigators in england , establishes that ko 's blonde companion is elizabeth worthington , formerly pilot ricardo 's wife in vientiane , and that lizzie thought she was working for british intelligence under the guidance of mellon -lrb- sam collins 's work name -rrb- .
sachs and di salis interview a missionary , mr. hibbert , who long ago gave ko his name drake , and his little brother the name nelson ; they also learn that mr. hibbert 's dead wife 's name was liese .
american intelligence reports that ricardo is alive , and had once approached the americans offering information about an opium mission he was supposed to fly into red china .
the americans are eager to arrest ko for his kingpin role in drugs , and give smiley ten to twelve weeks to pursue the circus interests before they intervene .
smiley seems to understand , better than guillam , the implications of the intelligence - that tiu 's quick trip to shanghai , six weeks before ricardo 's planned flight into china , was to meet with nelson ko and arrange for the rendezvous , at which nelson would board ricardo 's beechcraft and thus escape from china .
at this point , smiley decides to `` shake ko 's tree , '' i.e. let him realize he is being exposed by the investigation , to provoke ko into taking action which will advance the operation .
westerby maneuvers liese/lizzie into having dinner with him .
she calls tiu to the restaurant , and in front of tiu , westerby interviews her about ricardo , asking her about any connections between indocharter and the soviet embassy in vientiane .
it is apparent that lizzie knows nothing of the gold seam , or drake 's brother nelson , or the soviet connection .
circus research has cobbled a biography of nelson ko , or sheng-hsiu ko , later yao kai-sheng .
he attended shipbuilding school in leningrad in 0000-0000 , where ivan ivanovitch bretlev , one of karla 's talent spotters , was on the faculty .
he returned to china a year later - circus presumes the intervening year was dedicated to training for karla 's purposes .
ko/yao had major responsibilities in china until 0000 , when his soviet credentials led to his disgrace in the cultural revolution .
he began to resume naval functions in 0000 , but formal rehabilitation occurred at the beginning of 0000 .
he went on to join the central planning committee of the chinese communist party .
circus also has background from the cousins on charlie marshall , a friend and co-pilot of ricardo 's who is involved in opium smuggling .
frost is tortured and murdered by ko 's people for revealing ko 's name to westerby .
the brutality of his murder deeply unsettles westerby , and stuns the circus .
on circus orders , westerby tracks down charlie marshall in battambang , where he manages to board marshall 's dc-0 carvair for its flight to phnom penh .
ricardo is also aboard , but westerby does n't realize who it is until they arrive at phnom penh .
ricardo shoots at westerby in his evasion .
that night , westerby pulls marshall out of an opium house and interrogates him .
marshall reveals that lizzie was a heroin courier to hong kong for mellon -lrb- sam collins -rrb- , and personally intervened with drake ko on ricardo 's behalf ; and that tiu offered marshall $ 0000 for an `` unconventional flight '' , which marshall turned down on his father 's advice ; and where ricardo currently hides , between flights .
the circus then sends westerby after ricardo , by ferry across the mekong into thailand .
ricardo tells westerby about the mission into china which tiu had given him -- ko took care of ricardo 's debts as payment for ricardo to make a flight into red china , carrying in opium , and carrying out `` a package . ''
and westerby tells ricardo that the `` package '' was going to be drake ko 's brother nelson .
ricardo again tries to kill westerby , by putting a delayed-action grenade in the fuel tank of westerby 's jeep , but westerby figures it out and abandons the jeep in time to watch it explode from a safe distance .
westerby reaches an american air base in northeast thailand and cables a report to the circus .
he also learns that saigon just fell to the north vietnamese , dating the story at april 00 , 0000 .
the circus , in turn , orders westerby to return directly to london , explicitly telling him not to return to hong kong , but westerby sneaks off to hong kong anyway , and finds luke dead in their shared apartment , evidently shot by tiu , who mistook him for westerby .
smiley , guillam , fawn , martello , and murphy fly to hong kong in order to complete the investigation and capture nelson .
smiley knows that nelson ko will escape china in exactly the same way drake did in 0000 , on a junk in a fishing fleet , to the southernmost island of po toi .
westerby , now essentially on the run , remains in hong kong to rescue lizzie worthington and protect nelson from recapture by the british secret service .
he pulls lizzie worthington out of a party .
american intelligence watches ko .
westerby and lizzie go back to her apartment .
smiley enters , having learned of westerby 's whereabouts .
westerby , expecting ko or tiu , assaults him before realizing who it is , and is manhandled in return by fawn .
fawn and guillam are to take westerby to the airport and see him onto a flight to london , but he escapes , and picks up lizzie again .
westerby gets a boat to po toi for lizzie and himself .
at po toi , lizzie shows westerby the places that are `` special '' to ko - so westerby knows where nelson will land .
lizzie catches a ride back to hong kong , with a rendezvous with westerby arranged for the next night .
that night , westerby finds ko and tiu on the beach , awaiting nelson .
westerby disables tiu and tells ko he wants lizzie for himself , in exchange for saving nelson 's life from british and american intelligence .
ko is sceptical .
nelson lands and the brothers embrace .
american helicopters appear .
nelson is bagged , westerby is shot dead , and drake is left sobbing on the beach .
guillam 's supicions of the americans , enderby and collins prove correct - nelson is detained and questioned , not in england but in the us , not by di salis and sachs but by americans , and enderby and collins take top level positions at the circus .
smiley , sachs , and guillam are all sacked .
characters in `` the honourable schoolboy '' .
steering committee to authorize further operations after the ko bank account papers are obtained : allusions/references to other works .
westerby buys a copy of voltaire 's candide to give to marshall .
westerby likes to read joseph conrad .
film , tv or theatrical adaptations .
jonathan powell , producer of `` tinker , tailor , soldier , spy '' , has stated that the bbc considered producing `` the honourable schoolboy '' , but decided not to do so due to the prohibitive cost of filming a miniseries in south east asia .
therefore the bbc moved directly on to the third novel of the karla trilogy , `` smiley 's people '' , which was broadcast in 0000 .
in a foreword to a later edition of `` the honourable schoolboy '' , john le carré stated that the story might have worked better had george smiley been omitted , since , he felt , smiley 's appearances in the novel detracted from the protagonist , the honourable jerry westerby .
in mathematics , a sesquilinear form on a complex vector space `` v '' is a map `` v '' × `` v '' → c that is linear in one argument and antilinear in the other .
the name originates from the numerical prefix meaning `` one and a half '' .
compare with a bilinear form , which is linear in both arguments ; although it should be noted that many authors , especially when working solely in a complex setting , refer to sesquilinear forms as bilinear forms .
a motivating example is the inner product on a complex vector space , which is not bilinear , but instead sesquilinear .
see geometric motivation below .
conventions differ as to which argument should be linear .
we take the first to be conjugate-linear and the second to be linear .
this is the convention used by essentially all physicists and originates in dirac 's bra-ket notation in quantum mechanics .
the opposite convention is perhaps more common in mathematics but is not universal .
specifically a map φ : `` v '' × `` v '' → c is sesquilinear if for all `` x , y , z , w '' ∈ `` v '' and all `` a '' , `` b '' ∈ c .
a sesquilinear form can also be viewed as a bilinear form where formula_0 is the complex conjugate vector space to `` v '' .
by the universal property of tensor products these are in one-to-one correspondence with -lrb- complex -rrb- linear maps for a fixed `` z '' in `` v '' the map formula_0 is a linear functional on `` v '' -lrb- i.e. an element of the dual space `` v '' * -rrb- .
likewise , the map formula_0 is a conjugate-linear functional on `` v '' .
given any sesquilinear form φ on `` v '' we can define a second sesquilinear form ψ via the conjugate transpose : in general , ψ and φ will be different .
if they are the same then φ is said to be `` hermitian '' .
if they are negatives of one another , then φ is said to be `` skew-hermitian '' .
every sesquilinear form can be written as a sum of a hermitian form and a skew-hermitian form .
bilinear forms generalize squaring -lrb- formula_0 -rrb- , while sesquilinear forms generalize euclidean norm -lrb- formula_0 -rrb- .
the norm associated to a sesquilinear form is invariant under multiplication by the complex circle -lrb- complex numbers of unit norm -rrb- , while the norm associated to a bilinear form is equivariant -lrb- with respect to squaring -rrb- .
bilinear forms are `` algebraically '' more natural , while sesquilinear forms are `` geometrically '' more natural .
if `` b '' is a bilinear form on a complex vector space and formula_00 is the associated norm , then by contrast , if `` s '' is a sesquilinear form on a complex vector space and formula_00 is the associated norm , then a hermitian form -lrb- also called a symmetric sesquilinear form -rrb- , is a sesquilinear form `` h '' : `` v '' × `` v '' → c such that the standard hermitian form on c `` n '' is given by more generally , the inner product on any hilbert space is a hermitian form .
a vector space with a hermitian form -lrb- `` v '' , `` h '' -rrb- is called a hermitian space .
if `` v '' is a finite-dimensional space , then relative to any basis -lcb- `` e '' `` i '' -rcb- of `` v '' , a hermitian form is represented by a hermitian matrix h : the components of h are given by `` h '' `` ij '' = `` h '' -lrb- `` e '' `` i '' , `` e '' `` j '' -rrb- .
the quadratic form associated to a hermitian form is always real .
actually one can show that a sesquilinear form is hermitian iff the associated quadratic form is real for all `` z '' ∈ `` v '' .
a skew-hermitian form -lrb- also called an antisymmetric sesquilinear form -rrb- , is a sesquilinear form ε : `` v '' × `` v '' → c such that every skew-hermitian form can be written as `` i '' times a hermitian form .
if `` v '' is a finite-dimensional space , then relative to any basis -lcb- `` e '' `` i '' -rcb- of `` v '' , a skew-hermitian form is represented by a skew-hermitian matrix a : the quadratic form associated to a skew-hermitian form generalization : over a * - ring .
a sesquilinear form and a hermitian form can be defined over any * - ring , and the examples of symmetric bilinear forms , skew-symmetric bilinear forms , hermitian forms , and skew-hermitian forms , are all hermitian forms for various involutions .
particularly in l-theory , one also sees the term ε-symmetric form , where formula_00 , to refer to both symmetric and skew-symmetric forms .
codify can have specific meanings , including : lennier is a character in the fictional universe of the science-fiction television series `` babylon 0 '' , played by bill mumy .
he is minbari and acts as ambassadorial aide to delenn throughout most of the series .
just as delenn was an acolyte of dukhat , lennier was the faithful acolyte of minbari ambassador delenn for five years .
a member of the third fane of chu'domo of the religious caste and a fierce fighter , he later joined the rangers .
in the episode `` day of the dead , '' lennier is confronted by the ghost of morden , the human who worked with the shadows .
lennier , who had returned from training hoping to speak to a spirit as part of an alien religious observance , makes the mistake of asking morden for wisdom .
morden predicts that lennier will one day betray the rangers .
this encounter presages several later events in the series .
among lennier 's friends are vir cotto and marcus cole .
eventually it was revealed that lennier was secretly in love with delenn .
however he explained to marcus cole that it was `` not romantic love as you would understand it , something nobler , '' indicating perhaps some sort of platonic love .
lennier did not act on his feelings due to her involvement with john sheridan .
lennier did confess his feelings to her when he and delenn were both trapped in hyperspace facing death , but delenn , who had long known of his feelings for her , feigned that she had n't heard his confession in order to spare him embarrassment .
lennier 's feelings later caused his downfall .
when sheridan suffered an accident aboard a white star -lrb- `` objects at rest '' -rrb- , lennier , seeing for a moment the opportunity to remove his ` competition ' , refused to help him and fled , leaving him for dead .
he did come back however but sheridan had already been rescued .
so lennier ran away , deeply ashamed of what he had done , and was never heard from again .
the series left lennier 's final fate unknown , although most of morden 's prophecies came true and there are hints in the series finale `` sleeping in light '' -lrb- during a sequence when the guests were remembering their fallen friends -rrb- , that lennier was killed in the telepath war .
in his commentary on the episode , j. michael straczynski simply says , `` that 's a very sad story , and maybe i 'll tell it some day . ''
the f platform , or f-body , was general motors ' small rear-wheel drive automobile platform from 0000 until 0000 .
it was based partially on the gm x platform , which was used for compact applications instead of the sporting intent of the f-body .
the only two vehicles to have been built using the f-body platform are the chevrolet camaro and the pontiac firebird .
the fourth character in the vehicle identification number for an f-body car is `` f '' .
the first f-body cars were produced in 0000 , as gm 's response to the ford mustang .
originally designed strictly as the platform for the camaro , pontiac engineers were given a short amount of time prior to the camaro 's release to produce a version that matched their corporate styling as well .
the f-body was available as both a hardtop coupe and a cloth-top convertible .
as was gm policy at the time , chevrolet and pontiac both installed their own engines ; however , the engine lineups were similar .
both cars could be had with either division 's base inline six-cylinder engine , a v0 engine of approximately 0.0 liters -lrb- 000 in0 for chevrolet , 000 in0 for pontiac -rrb- , or a larger v0 engine of approximately 0.0 liters -lrb- 000 in0 for chevrolet , 000 in0 for pontiac -rrb- .
due to delays with the design of the second-generation car , the 0000 models were produced longer than usual .
the second generation f-body cars were actually released as ' 0000 0/0 ' cars , due to extensive delays in the design and production of the new body style .
both cars grew considerably , with fairly drastic changes in styling to match each brand 's updated styling across the lineup .
both cars also received engine options in the 0.0 l range in the earlier years of the second generation - 000 in0 for chevrolet , and 000 in0 for pontiac .
however , both of these engines would be discontinued as emissions and fuel-economy restrictions made their production costs prohibitive -lrb- not to mention that the 000 never even made it into an actual production vehicle -rrb- .
performance continued to decline through 0000 , as power levels dropped and weight increased .
the third generation of the f-body was introduced for 0000 , as a major redesign with a more modern look and a lighter , better-handling car .
in a move that would later happen across almost all gm models , the firebird switched from pontiac-designed engines to the same chevrolet engines that powered the camaro .
this was also the only generation of f-body to be available with a four-cylinder , the iron duke .
the last firebird to be built with an engine not available in the camaro was the 0000 turbo trans am , which had a turbocharged 0.0 l buick v0 , derived from the buick regal .
the fourth generation of f-body was released in 0000 .
it was an extensive revision to the third generation car , instead of a clean-sheet design .
it was produced until the platform was canceled at the end of the 0000 model year .
unlike most of the years past , the engine choices were simplified considerably ; each year , on both the camaro and the firebird , there was only one v0 and one v0 available .
for 0000 to 0000 , the v0 was the 0.0 l -lrb- 000 in ³ -rrb- 00 ° ; 0000-0000 cars received the 0.0 l -lrb- 000 in ³ -rrb- 0000 series ii v0 .
0000-0000 v0 cars shipped with the 0.0 l -lrb- 000 in ³ -rrb- lt0 , while 0000-0000 cars received the 0.0 l -lrb- 000 in ³ -rrb- ls0 .
both engines were available with either the 0l00e four-speed automatic transmission .
v0 engines with a manual transmission had a five-speed unit ; the manual for v0 cars was the t-00 six-speed , manufactured by either borg-warner or tremec .
an optional hurst-supplied shifter was also available on v0 models .
the f-body has not had a direct replacement since production ceased in 0000 ; the closest would be the modern pontiac gto , though it is a larger and heavier car than the f-body was ever intended to be .
gm has announced that the camaro will return in 0000 as a 0000 model , most likely utilizing the zeta chassis .
there are no plans to revive the firebird nameplate , to the dismay of its fans .
the j platform , or j-body , was general motors ' inexpensive front-wheel drive automobile platform from the 0000s and 0000s .
the platform replaced the gm h platform .
the first j-body car was the chevrolet cavalier , which was released on march 00 , 0000 as a 0000 model .
the cavalier was phased out at the end of 0000 in favor of the new chevrolet cobalt .
the last surviving j-body car , the mexican-built pontiac sunfire , ended production in june 0000 .
there are three generations of the j-body : 0000 to 0000 -lrb- or until 0000 or 0000 depending on the model -rrb- , 0000 to 0000 , and 0000 to 0000 .
except for cosmetic differences , engine upgrades and the discontinuation of certain models , the platform remained largely unchanged throughout the years .
design of the j-body dated back to the mid-0000s .
at that time , gm-controlled divisions in different parts of the world manufactured totally different rear-wheel drive mid-size and subcompact cars - the chevrolet vega in america , the vauxhall cavalier/opel ascona in europe , the holden torana in australia and the isuzu florian in japan .
some of them were not particularly competitive , so it was decided that a common replacement would be developed to eliminate duplication of engineering effort and ensure parts interchangeability .
when the arab oil embargo forced cafe mandates , and the fear of us$ 0.00 for a gallon of gasoline , the j-body was practically produced straight off the drawing board .
the fourth character in the vehicle identification number for a j-body car is `` j '' .
many vehicles used this platform including the following american nameplates : international j-bodies include : kannada literature refers to the body literature written in the kannada language , a language spoken mainly in the indian state of karnataka .
it boasts of a rich and ancient body of literature , spanning fifteen hundred years covering medieval socio-religious developments such as jainism -lrb- `` puranas '' -rrb- , virashiavism -lrb- `` vachana '' -rrb- , and vaishnavism -lrb- `` haridasa sahitya '' -rrb- .
a fourth type of literature is that bearing on secular subjects .
evidence from edicts during the time of ashoka the great suggest that the kannada script and its literature was derived from buddhist literature , prompting some historians claim that a buddhist era in kannada literature may have existed prior to the jain period .
the earliest available literary work , kavirajamarga , a writing on rhetoric and poetics has been dated to 000 ce .
medieval jain writers wrote about jain tirthankars and other personages important to the jain religion .
the virashiva writers accounted for devotees of shiva , the twenty five forms of shiva and expositions of the `` shatsthala '' and `` ekottarasatasthala '' while the vaishnava writers wrote on the epics , ramayana , mahabharata , the bhagavata , the vedanta and other subjects bearing on vaishnava puranic stories .
available literature among secular subjects are writings on grammar , logic , philosophy , poetry , prosidy , drama , rhetoric , lexicon , medecine , local history , biography , veterinary sicence , mathematics , cookery , astrology , meteorology and erotics .
of the various metres used to write in kannada , the `` tripadi '' -lrb- three line verse -rrb- , `` shatpadi '' -lrb- six line verse -rrb- and `` ragale '' -lrb- lyrical compositions -rrb- and `` akkara '' are indegenous to kannada language .
modern kannada literature has been the most successful among contemporary indian vernacular literatures , having been awarded jnanpith awards seven times .
the sahitya academy award , the highest award given by the government of india has been conferred fifty times upon kannada writers since its inception in 0000 .
the history of kannada literature is usually studied under three phases : ancient , medieval and modern kannada .
the earliest example of full length kannada writing can be found in the `` halmidi inscription '' dated 000 ce the earliest available record of kannada poetry in `` tripadi '' metre -lrb- three line -rrb- are the kappe arabhatta record of 000 ce , indicating the verse form of writing had come into vogue .
coins with kannada legends began to appear from the early 0th century rule of the kadamba dynasty of banavasi .
the earliest available literature in kannada is the `` kavirajamarga '' , a work on poetics written in 000 ce .
while some historians credit the rashtrakuta king amoghavarsha i as the author , a view that the book may have been co-authored by srivijaya , a poet at the kings court , is also widely held .
the work is a treatise on kannada poetry , the kannada language and kannada speaking people in general .
references are made in `` kavirajamarga '' to earlier writers such as vimala -lrb- vimalachandra -rrb- , udaya , nagarjuna , jayabhandu and 0th - 0th century king durvinita as writers of prose ; srivijaya , kavisvara , pandita , chandra , ravi kirthi -lrb- court poet of pulakesi ii -rrb- and lokapala as writers of poetry .
the types of compositions in kannada that existed prior to `` kavirajamarga '' are mentioned in it .
these compositions were the `` chattana '' and the `` beddande '' , writings in which are considered extinct .
apart from those mentioned in the kavirajamarga , early kannada writers frequently mention three poets ; samantabhadra from about 0nd century ce , kavi parameshthi assigned to 0rd - 0th century ce and pujyapada of about 0th century ce as being eminent among their predecessors .
while no kannada works of these writers have been specifically mentioned , given the frequency and uniformity with which they are mentioned by later kannada writers , it is probable that they wrote in kannada .
however , other kannada writers of the early medieval period are known .
their works are known and referenced by later writers but are now considered extinct .
these writers are syamakundacharya -lrb- 000 ce -rrb- who wrote `` prabhrita '' and srivaradhadeva , also called tumubuluracharya -lrb- 000 ce -rrb- who wrote the `` chudamani '' -lrb- crest jewel -rrb- , a 00,000 verse commentary on logic -lrb- `` tattvartha-mahashastra '' -rrb- .
other sources propose the date of `` chudamani '' to the 0th century or earlier .
bhattakalanka , a 00th century grammarian , wrote of the `` chudamini '' being a milestone which demonstrated that kannada was well suited for scientific works .
`` gajashtaka '' , a writing on elephant management in a hundred verses was authored by the king shivamara ii around 000 ce but is now considered extinct .
around 000 ce , gunavarma i wrote the `` sudraka '' and the `` harivamsa '' , both now considered extinct .
he is known to have been patronised by king ereganga neetimarga ii .
in `` sudraka '' , he has favourably compared his patron to king sudraka of ancient times .
sri vijaya , court poet of rashtrakuta king amoghavarsha i wrote the `` chandraprabha-purana '' in early 0th century .
a prosody called `` guna-gankiyam '' has been referenced in a tamil work called `` yapparungalakkarigai '' by amritasagara and has been dated to the middle of 0th century .
bhattakalanka in his works also quotes gunanandi -lrb- 000 ce -rrb- as an expert in logic , kannada grammar and prose .
a contemporary of amoghavarsha i was the digambara jain poet asaga -lrb- or asoka -rrb- , who wrote the `` karnatakumarasambhava kavya '' and other writings which have been praised by later day poets such as jayakirthi , but none of which are available today .
the medieval period covering the periods between 0th and 00th centuries produced , broadly speaking , writers of the jain , virashaiva , vaishnava and secular traditions .
jains were the earliest known cultivators of kannada literature , from earliest known writings to those of 00th century , though a few works by virashaivas are availabe .
the 00th century to 00th century period saw the emergence of numerous virashaiva and some vaishnava writers with a proportional decline in jain literary works .
thereafter , the literary tradition has been dominated by virashaiva and vaishnava writers .
popular metres from the 0th century onwards are the `` champu-kavyas '' or just `` champu '' used commonly by jain writers -lrb- poems in verse of various metres interspersed with paragraphs of prose -rrb- , `` vachana '' -lrb- virashaiva poetic prose in simple and lucid kannada from 00th century -rrb- , `` sangatya '' -lrb- sung to the accompaniment of a musical instrument and introduced in 0000 by sisumanayana -rrb- , `` shatpadi '' , `` ragale '' , `` tripadi '' , `` kavya '' -lrb- a poem in classical style -rrb- .
and `` akkara '' metres .
it was during the reign of the rashtrakuta empire that kannada literature came into its own and produced many famous writers under royal patronage .
the earliest extant prose work in kannada , written in `` purva halekannada '' -lrb- pre-old kannada -rrb- is `` vaddaradhane '' -lrb- `` worship of elders '' , 000 -rrb- by shivakotiacharya .
the writing contains nineteen stories , mostly borrowed from the sanskrit writing `` brihatkatha-kosha '' and is about jain tenets and describes issues such as rebirth , `` karma '' , plight of humans on earth , social issues of the time such as education , trade and commerce , magic , superstitions and condition of women in society .
this is followed by the jain writers who heralded the age of kannada classics ; adikavi pampa , sri ponna and ranna .
adikavi pampa , widely regarded as one of the greatest kannada writers , became famous for `` adipurana '' -lrb- 000 -rrb- .
written in champu style , it is the life history of the first jain thirtankara rishabhadeva .
pampa 's other notable work was `` vikramarjuna vijaya '' -lrb- or `` pampa bharata '' , 000 -rrb- , the author 's version of the hindu epic , mahabharata .
the story differs from other earlier versions of the epic in that , arjuna -lrb- and not the pandava brothers -rrb- is the hero and draupadi is only arjuna 's wife .
sri ponna , patronised by king krishna iii of the imperial rashtrakutas is famed for his description of the life of the 00th jain tirthankara shantinatha in his writing entitled `` santipurana '' and others writings .
he earned the title `` ubhaya kavichakravathi '' -lrb- supreme poet in two languages -rrb- for his command over both kannada and sanskrit .
ranna , who came from a family of bangle sellers was the court poet of western chalukya kings tailapa ii and king satyasraya and was patronised by a devout jain lady called attimabbe .
he is known for his writings `` ajitha purana '' -lrb- 000 -rrb- which describes the life of the second jain tirthankar and `` sahasa bhima vijaya '' -lrb- also called `` gada yudda '' or `` conflict of clubs '' , 000 -rrb- which describes the conflict of pandava bhima and kaurava duryodhana in the epic mahabharata .
he was bestowed the title `` emperor among poets '' -lrb- `` kavi chakravathi '' -rrb- by his patron king satyasraya .
among grammarians , nagavarma ii , poet laureate -lrb- `` katakacharya '' -rrb- of chalukya king jagadhekamalla ii made significant contributions .
his works in grammar , poetry , prosody , and vocabulary are standard authorities and their importance to the study of kannada language is well acknowledged .
among other writings , his `` kavyavalokana '' on grammar and rhetoric and `` karnataka-bhashabhushana '' on grammar -lrb- 0000 -rrb- are important .
a unique and native form of poetic literature called vachana developed during this time , as a result of the development of a new religious faith called lingayatism .
basavanna -lrb- or basava , 0000 -rrb- , the prime minister of southern kalachuri king bijjala ii , is generally regarded the inspiration for this movement .
these `` vacahanas '' were written by mystics , who expressed their devotion to god in simple poems that could appeal to the masses .
basavanna , akka mahadevi , allama prabhu are the best known among more than two hundred `` vachanakaras '' -lrb- `` vachana '' writers -rrb- , including thirty women poets .
in the 00th-00th century , the hoysala court produced a flourish of kannada literature , with such noted scholars as janna , harihara , rudrabhatta , raghavanga and others .
in 0000 , the jain scholar janna wrote among other classics , `` yashodharacharite '' , the story of a king who intends to perform a ritual sacrifice of two young boys to a local deity , mariamma .
taking pity on the boys , the king releases them and gives up the practice of human sacrifice .
in honour of this work , janna received the title `` emperor among poets '' -lrb- `` kavichakravarthi '' -rrb- from king veera ballala ii .
rudrabhatta , a smartha brahmin -lrb- believer of monistic philosophy -rrb- , was the earliest well known brahminical writer whose patron was chandramouli , a minister of king veera ballala ii .
based on the earlier work of `` vishnu purana '' , he wrote `` jagannatha vijaya '' in the `` champu '' style relating the life of lord krishna leading up to his fight with the demon banasura .
harihara -lrb- or harisvara -rrb- , who came from a family of accountants -lrb- `` karnikas '' -rrb- was a virashaiva writer and the patron of king narasimha i .
he wrote the `` girijakalyana '' in the old jain `` champu '' style which describes the marriage of lord shiva and parvati in ten sections .
he was one of the earliest virashaiva writers who was not part of the `` vachana '' literary tradition and credited with more than one hundred `` ragales '' poems in praise of virupaksha -lrb- a form of hindu god shiva -rrb- .
his nephew , raghavanka -lrb- 0000 -rrb- , was the first to introduce the `` shatpadi '' metre into kannada literature in his `` harishchandra kavya '' which is considered a classic even though it occasionally violates strict rules of kannada grammar .
the middle kannada period gave birth to several genres in kannada literature , with new forms of composition coming into use , including `` ragale '' -lrb- a form of blank verse -rrb- and meters like `` sangatya '' and `` desi '' .
the works of this period are based on jain , hindu principles .
two of the early writers -lrb- 00th century -rrb- of this period are harihara and raghavanka , trailblazers in their own right .
harihara established the `` ragale '' form of composition , and most of his works are based on the shaiva and `` veerashaiva '' traditions .
raghavanka popularized the `` shatpadi '' -lrb- six-lined stanza -rrb- meter through his six works , the most famous being `` harishchandra charitre '' , based on the life of the hindu mythological character harishchandra .
the work is noted for its intense attention to human ideals .
harishchandra charitre is a `` darshana kavya '' .
ranganna described in detail the raghavanka style in his book `` shaili '' .
he also wrote `` siddharama charitha '' and `` somanatha charitha '' .
siddharama charitha describes the story of siddharama and his accomplishments in building a sacred pond and a siva temple at sonnalige .
a famous jaina writer of the same period is `` janna '' , who expressed jain religious teachings through his works , `` yashodhara charite '' and `` ananthanatha purana '' .
a seminal work on kannada grammar from the same period is `` shabda mani darpana '' by keshi raja .
kannada had poetry similar to haiku in the twelfth century .
this form of poetry , called vachanas , were three liners which were pithy comments on that period 's social , religious and economic conditions .
more importantly , they hold a mirror to the seed of a social revolution , which caused a radical re-examination of the ideas of caste , creed and religion .
one of the important ideas coming out of this revolution was the view that `` work is worship '' and a path to spirituality .
some of the important writers of `` vachana '' literature include basaveshvara -lrb- 0000-0000 ce -rrb- , `` allama prabhu '' and `` akka mahadevi '' , the first woman-writer in kannada .
arguably , kumara vyasa has been the most famous and most influential kannada writer of all time .
his lifetime work , the `` karnata bharata kathamanjari '' , is a sublime adaptation of the first ten parvas -lrb- chapters -rrb- of the mahabharata .
a devotee of krishna , kumara vyasa ends his epic with the passing of krishna in the tenth chapter of the mahabharata .
the work is easily the most celebrated in kannada literature .
its fame arises out of the fact that it has appealed to people of all strata of education and intellect right up to the present day .
the work is entirely composed in the `` bhamini shatpadi '' meter , a form of six lined stanza .
the range of human emotions that kumara vyasa explores and the versatility of his vocabulary are extensive .
the work is particularly known for its use of sophisticated metaphors , earning kumara vyasa the title `` rupaka samrajya chakravarti '' -lrb- emperor of the land of metaphors -rrb- .
bhakti literature is the literature composed by the dasas or saints , around fifteenth century , singing the glory of god through poems .
these poems called padas were usually of ten to twenty lines .
they expressed the desire of the `` bhakta '' or devotee to be `` one with god '' .
this form of poetry was highly amenable to musical composition and exposition .
this music evolved into the highly sophisticated and codified carnatic music .
the haridasas spread the message of peace , love and bhakti in their dasa sahitya , which are also popularly known as devaranamas .
important writers of the bhakti genre are purandara dasa -lrb- 0000-0000 -rrb- and kanaka dasa .
this form of literature began in the late nineteenth century and continues till date .
this period saw the emergence of literary figures like kuvempu , d. r. bendre and u. r. ananthamurthy among others .
though this period is mostly dominated by male writers , female writers like anasuya shankar -lrb- `` triveni '' -rrb- and m. k. indira were also popular .
this form of literature is further divided into three distinct sub-forms , `` navodaya '' , `` navya '' and `` navyottara '' .
navodaya literally means a `` new birth '' .
this indeed was the reincarnation of kannada literature in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries , after a period of dormancy in the face of british occupation of india .
this period saw greats like `` srikanthaiah '' , `` kuvempu '' , `` bendre '' , `` shivaram karanth '' , `` betgeri krishnasharma '' .
this genre was highly influenced by romantic english poetry and greek theater .
it was srikanthaiah who started this movement of sorts with his translation of a few critically acclaimed english poems of the romantic period -rsb- -rsb- .
many educated kannadigas , especially those who were in the teaching profession , realised that they needed to express themselves in their mother tongue and started writing in kannada .
kuvempu is a case in point who was convinced by his professor -lrb- of british origin -rrb- that he should write in his mother tongue .
kuvempu went on to become a `` rashtrakavi '' -lrb- national poet -rrb- .
his love of nature , realisation of the greatness of man 's spirit and the vision to see the blend of nature and god made him more than kannada 's wordsworth .
his most famous work is the `` sri ramayana darshanam '' , based on the hindu epic ramayana .
another interesting case is that of shivaram karanth who was a man of great intellect , rock-solid convictions and a profound social sense .
his powerful social novels include `` marali mannige '' -lrb- `` back to the soil '' -rrb- and `` mukajjiya kanasugalu '' -lrb- `` a dumb granny 's dreams '' -rrb- .
famous poets of the period : kuvempu , srikanthaiah , d r bendre , pu ti narasimhachar , betgeri krishnasharma '' -lrb- anandakanda -rrb- '' , k s narasimha swamy .
famous novelists of the period : shivaram karanth , masti venkatesha iyengar , gorur ramaswamy iyengar , s. l. bhairappa .
famous playwrights of the period : t p kailasam .
indian independence in 0000 brought with it the promises of freedom and a new genre sprouted in kannada poetry .
the torchbearer of this tradition was gopalakrishna adiga .
the navya poets wrote for and like disillusioned intellectuals .
the sophistication in the use of language and the importance of technique to poetry reached new heights in this genre .
famous writers of the period : u r ananthamurthy , v.k.gokak , girish karnad , k p poornachandra tejaswi , p lankesh kannada literature in the last fifty years has been closely related to social aspects .
the oppressions of the caste system gave rise to the bandaaya and dalita genres of poetry .
feminist movements in indian society gave rise to the streevaadi -lrb- feminist -rrb- genre of poetry .
short stories have been very popular in the twentieth century .
`` bhavageete '' -lrb- expressionist poetry -rrb- is a popular form of poetry in the twentieth century .
for more on kannada literature , go to the fact that holds testament to the greatness of kannada literature is that it 's writers have won seven jnanpith awards , the highest for any indian language .
they are kuvempu , karantha , bendre , masti , gokak , anantamurthy and karnad , as of august 0000 , a total of forty-six kannada writers have received the sahitya akademi award .
the popularity of literature is gauged in terms of the response that the educated and interested elite give .
but the real popularity of poetry is when common people sing it .
popular appeal is not very easy to achieve for any form of poetry ; especially when audiences are not kept in mind .
kannada poetry has a few instances of such mass popularity .
kumaravyasa 's epic retelling of the mahabharata is recited in homes even today .
bhavageete -lrb- literally `` emotion poetry '' -rrb- has popularized many a kannada poems and has people humming them .
edward troughton -lrb- october 0000 -- june 00 0000 -rrb- was a british instrument maker born in corney , cumberland who was notable for making telescopes and other astronomical instruments .
in 0000 he became a partner with his brother john , and soon established himself as the top maker of navigational , surveying and astronomical instruments in britain .
he created the groombridge transit circle in 0000 , which stephen groombridge used to compile his star catalogue .
he did not merely build instruments , but designed and invented new ones .
he was awarded the copley medal of the royal society in 0000 .
in 0000 , in failing health , he took on william simms as a partner and the firm became known as troughton & simms .
he was involved in a notorious lawsuit against sir james south , who was dissatisfied with the quality of an equatorial mounting that troughton had made for him .
troughton sued for payment , and with informal legal counsel provided by richard sheepshanks , he prevailed .
richard matvichuk -lrb- born february 0 , 0000 in edmonton , alberta -rrb- is an nhl defenceman , currently playing with the new jersey devils .
although he was born in edmonton , richard was raised in the near by city of fort saskatchewan .
matvichuk was drafted eighth overall in the 0000 nhl entry draft by the minnesota north stars , and made the transition , along with several other players , including mike modano and derian hatcher , to the franchise 's move to dallas , and played 000 regular season games as a dallas star .
matvichuk played 00 years for the stars , scoring 00 goals and 000 assists , although a rather low average of penalty minutes , when compared with his physical style of play .
matvichuk was also a part of the 0000 stanley cup winning team which brought dallas their first championship trophy .
he became a free agent in the 0000 nhl off season .
he was later signed by the new jersey devils , making a similar stars to devils transition as jamie langenbrunner and joe nieuwendyk .
he missed all but the last game of the 0000-00 season after having back surgery .
he is currently signed to the lowell devils , the american hockey league affiliate of the new jersey devils .
jin xiangwu lived and worked in luoyang , henan province , north-central china , until his arrest on the charge of murder in march 0000 .
in february 0000 he lured three boys - duan keke , 00 , xue yashan , 00 , and du ruofei , 00 - into his store , offering free games .
he and his brother , jin xiangyu , then stabbed the children to death .
jin claimed to have killed the boys because they had not paid the fee of 0.0 yuan -lrb- 00 us cents -rrb- for two hours ' playing in jin xiangwu 's video arcade earlier that week .
the brothers then removed the bodies to a nearby gully , where they were burnt .
jin and his brother were arrested on march 0th , after the boys had been reported missing and the bodies discovered .
jin was tried by the intermediate people 's court in luoyang , and on march 00th he was sentenced to death .
he was executed on april 00th 0000 .
jin xiangyu , his brother , received a sentence of ten years ' imprisonment .
the h platform , or h-body , name has been used twice by general motors .
the 0000s h-body was an inexpensive rear-wheel drive compact automobile platform from the 0000s .
the 0000s h-body was a front-wheel drive full-size car platform .
alexander nikolaevich yakovlev alexander nikolaevich yakovlev , александр николаевич яковлев -lrb- december 0 , 0000 -- october 00 , 0000 -rrb- was a russian economist who was a soviet governmental official in the 0000s and a member of the politburo from 0000 to 0000 .
he was called the `` godfather of as he is considered to be the intellectual force behind mikhail gorbachev reform program of glasnost and perestroika .
yakovlev was born to a peasant family in a tiny village on the volga near yaroslavl .
he served in the red army during world war ii and became a member of the communist party of the soviet union in 0000 .
beginning in 0000 , he was an exchange student at columbia university for one year .
yakovlev served as editor of several party publications and rose to the key position of head of the cpsu 's department of ideology and propaganda from 0000 to 0000 .
in 0000 he took a bold stand by publishing an article critical of russian chauvinism and soviet anti-semitism .
as a result he was removed from his position and appointed as ambassador to canada remaining at that post for a decade .
during this time , he and canadian prime minister pierre trudeau became close friends .
trudeau 's second son , alexandre trudeau , was given the russian nickname `` sacha '' after yakovlev 's .
in 0000 , yakovlev accompanied mikhail gorbachev , who at the time was the soviet official in charge of agriculture , on his tour of canada .
the purpose of the visit was to tour canadian farms and agricultural institutions in the hopes of taking lessons that could be applied in the soviet union , however , the two renewed their earlier friendship and , tentatively at first , began to discuss the need for liberalisation in the soviet union .
in an interview years later , yakovlev recalled : two weeks after the visit , as a result of gorbachev 's interventions , yakovlev was recalled from canada and appointed to head the ussr academy of sciences institute of world economy and international relations in moscow .
perestroika and its aftermath .
when gorbachev became soviet leader in 0000 , yakovlev became a senior advisor , helping to shape soviet foreign policy by advocating soviet non-intervention in eastern europe , and accompanying gorbachev on his five summit meetings with united states president ronald reagan .
domestically , he argued in favour of the reform programs that became known as glasnost -lrb- openness -rrb- and perestroika -lrb- restructuring -rrb- and played a key role in executing those policies .
for decades , it was the official policy of the soviet union to deny the existence of the secret protocol to the soviet-german pact .
at the behest of mikhail gorbachev , yakovlev headed a commission investigating the existence of such a protocol .
in december 0000 yakovlev concluded that the protocol had existed and revealed his finds to the soviet parliament .
as a result , the first democratically elected congress of soviets `` passed the declaration admitting the existence of the secret protocols , condemning and denouncing them '' .
he was promoted to the politburo in 0000 but by 0000 he had become the focus of attacks by conservatives in the party opposed to liberalisation .
as the conservatives gained strength his position became more tenuous , he was ultimately removed from the politburo and was expelled from the party two days before the august coup in 0000 .
during the coup yakovlev joined the democratic opposition against it .
following the failed coup attempt , yakovlev blamed gorbachev for having been naive in bringing the plotters into his inner circle saying gorbachev was `` guilty of forming a team of traitors .
why did he surround himself with people capable of treason ? ''
in the years following the fall of the soviet union , yakovlev wrote and lectured extensively on history , politics and economics .
he acted as the leader of party of russian social democracy , which in the mid 0000s fused into united democrats -lrb- a pro-reform alliance that was later reorganized into union of right forces -rrb- .
in 0000 , acting as head of the presidential committee for the rehabilitation of victims of political repression , he was present at the announcement of the release of a cd detailing names and short biographies of the victims of soviet purges .
in his later life , he founded and led the international democracy foundation .
he advocated taking responsibility for the past crimes of communism and was critical of president putin 's restrictions on democracy .
in 0000 , he publicly alleged that swedish diplomat raoul wallenberg , who has become famous for his role in saving thousands of hungarian jews from the holocaust , was shot and killed in soviet secret police headquarters in 0000 .
alexander yakovlev had several serious diseases including diabetes and problems with lungs .
however , he died from a stroke .
alexandre trudeau , son of late canadian prime minister pierre trudeau is named for yakovlev .
the trudeaus had asked yakovlev about whether `` sacha '' was the nickname for `` alexander '' .
alexander , grand duke of russia the v platform , or v-body , automobile platform name was used twice by general motors .
the y platform , or y body , designation has been used twice by the general motors corporation to describe a series of vehicles all built on the same basic body and sharing many parts and characteristics .
the first was for a group of entry-level compacts from 0000-0000 built by gm divisions buick , oldsmobile and pontiac .
the second , and current , incarnation is used for a high-end rear-wheel drive automobile platform from the 0000s through the 0000s .
y bodies built after 0000 can be identified by the inclusion of the y as the fourth character in the vehicle identification number , or vin .
only two y-body cars have been produced in this second group : gm 's kappa platform was based on the y-body .
the distinctive feature of both platforms is the backbone central-tunnel design .
william simms -lrb- instrument maker -rrb- william simms -lrb- 0000 -- 0000 -rrb- was a british instrument maker .
in 0000 , edward troughton , in failing health , on william simms as a partner in his instrument-making firm , which became known as troughton & simms .
after his death , his successor in the firm was his son james .
william simms -lrb- june 00 0000 -- january 0 0000 -rrb- was a british instrument maker .
he was the nephew of the original william simms who became edward troughton 's partner in the company that became known as troughton & simms .
he was the son of james simms , brother of his uncle william .
his father james is not to be confused with his cousin james , who was the son of his uncle william .
the younger william simms and the younger james simms were partners for ten years until 0000 , when william retired .
he is a distant relative of ryan simms of ooi .
cult , in its original sense , refers to : volmari `` vomma '' fritijof iso-hollo -lrb- may 0 , 0000 - june 00 , 0000 -rrb- was a finnish athlete , winner of two gold medals in 0000 m steeplechase at the olympic games .
born in ylöjärvi , finland , volmari iso-hollo was one of the last in a group of finnish runners called the `` flying finns '' who dominated distance running in the period between the world wars .
as a youth , iso-hollo did skiing , gymnastics and boxing and took up running as he joined the army .
he was successful in wide range of events , running all the distances between 000 m and marathon .
iso-hollo won his first olympic gold medal in the 0000 m steeplechase at the 0000 summer olympics .
he was denied a chance at the world record because the officials lost count of the number of laps , because the official lap-counter was looking the wrong way , being absorbed in the decathlon pole vault .
when iso-hollo went to his last lap , the official failed to ring the bell , and the entire field kept on running and so the finishing distance was 0000 m .
if the distance were 0000 m , iso-hollo probably would have broken the world record .
he also won the silver in the 00 000 m in los angeles .
in 0000 , iso-hollo broke the 0000 m steeplechase world record after all , running 0.00.0 in lahti and went to the 0000 summer olympics as a hot favourite .
at berlin , iso-hollo won the steeplechase by three seconds , finishing with a new world record of 0.00.0 .
the top three competitors all broke the existing world record .
iso-hollo added a bronze in the 00 000 m to complete a set of olympic medals .
after the olympics , iso-hollo fell ill with rheumatism , but kept on competing until 0000 .
volmari iso-hollo died in heinola , finland , aged 00 .
the second-generation chevrolet small-block engine , which uses the lt prefix , was reintroduced in 0000 .
the distinguishing feature of this engine family was the use of reverse-flow cooling , which enabled higher compression ratios than previous versions of the small-block chevy .
a special dohc engine , the lt0 , also used this prefix .
the lt family was replaced with the all-aluminum gm ls engine family in 0000 -lrb- in the chevrolet corvette -rrb- , and 0000 -lrb- in the chevrolet camaro and the pontiac firebird trans am and formula models -rrb- .
see the gm small-block engine page for information on the first generation of the 000 v0 .
immediately prior to the release of the second generation small-block , general motors released a largely unrelated engine which also used the lt name .
the lt0 was a special engine indeed .
head engineer , terry d. stinson , led the project .
it was an all-aluminum 000 in ³ -lrb- 0.0 l -rrb- small-block v0 , but was entirely different from any of the other chevrolet 000 engines .
the bore and stroke were both different at 0.0 by 0.00 in -lrb- 00 by 00 mm -rrb- instead of the usual 0 by 0.00 in -lrb- 000 by 00 mm -rrb- and it featured lotus-designed 00-valve dohc heads .
it was hand built by specialty engine builder , mercury marine .
this engine produced 000 hp -lrb- 000 kw -rrb- and 000 ft · lbf -lrb- 000 nm -rrb- for the 0000-0000 corvette zr-0 and jumped to 000 hp -lrb- 000 kw -rrb- and 000 ft · lbf -lrb- 000 nm -rrb- for 0000 to its final year in 0000 , thanks to cam timing changes and improvements to the engine porting .
0000 also added 0-bolt main bearing caps and an exhaust gas recirculation system .
the engine was not used in any other vehicle .
the generation ii small block debuted in 0000 on the 0000 chevrolet corvette .
few parts from the generation ii engine are interchangeable with the old generation i engine .
it uses a new engine block , cylinder head , timing cover , water pump , intake manifold and accessory brackets .
on the other hand , the engine mounts and bell housing bolt pattern remain the same , so the new engine is easier to swap into an older car than another model v0 would be .
one visible difference is the new `` opti-spark '' distributor which is located on the front of the engine behind the gear-driven water pump .
a key technical difference between the original 000 and the generation ii small block is the cooling system .
the engine employs reverse cooling , meaning that the coolant starts at the heads and then flows down through the block .
this allows for a higher compression ratio and more spark advance since the heads are kept at a cooler temperature .
a secondary benefit of reverse cooling is that cylinder temperatures are higher and more consistent .
it has already been noted -lrb- above -rrb- that the lt engine 's reverse cooling system enables high compression , and the factory exhaust system and air inlet systems are not well optimized for performance -lrb- below -rrb- .
however , the intake manifolds , cylinder head castings , and other base engine components are capable of supporting much higher horsepower than factory-equipped engines produced .
even more readily than the typical gen 0 small block , these aspects of the lt0 and lt0 enable their horsepower to be significantly increased by the addition of high-performance air intake ducting and exhaust systems .
further , upgrading the cylinder head porting and camshaft design with appropriate supporting modifications can enable these engines to produce in excess of 000 naturally aspirated horsepower at the rear wheels , or about at the flywheel .
general assumptions for friction loss through the drivetrain are as follows : 00 % -00 % friction loss for manual 0-speed transmissions , and 00 % -00 % for automatic transmissions .
in 0000 , gm created a new-generation small-block engine called the lt0 , recalling the 0000 lt-0 moniker .
it displaced 0.0 liters and was a 0-valve pushrod design .
the lt0 used a reverse-flow cooling system which cooled the cylinder heads first , maintaining lower cylinder temperatures and allowing the engine to run at a higher compression than its immediate predecessors .
there were a few different versions of the lt0 .
all feature a cast iron block , with aluminum heads in the y and f bodies , and cast iron heads in the b and d bodies .
corvette blocks had four-bolt mains , while most other blocks were two-bolt mains .
the 00-00 lt0s used speed density fuel management , batch-fire fuel injection and a dedicated engine control module -lrb- ecm -rrb- .
in 00 the lt0 switched to a mass airflow sensor and sequential port injection .
a new , more capable computer controlled the transmission as well as the engine and got a new name : powertrain control module -lrb- pcm -rrb- .
where the ecm held its calibration information in a replaceable `` chip '' , the pcm was reprogrammable through the diagnostic port .
the early opti-spark distributor had durability problems and a revised version was introduced on the 0000 b-bodies and in 0000 on the y and f-bodies .
0000 saw major revisions for obd-ii - a second catalytic converter on the f-body cars -lrb- which was standard since 0000 in california -rrb- , rear oxygen sensors to monitor catalyst efficiency and a crank position sensor for misfire detection .
some obd-ii features had been added to the corvette starting in 0000 for testing purposes .
the 0000 model year camaro and firebird were the last year for this engine in a gm production car .
the 0000 lt0 in the y-body was factory rated at and .
00 lt0 y-bodies were rated at and .
the 00-00 f-bodies were rated at 000 hp -lrb- 000 kw -rrb- and 000 ft · lbf -lrb- 000 nm -rrb- , while the 00-00 cars were rated at 000 hp -lrb- 000 kw -rrb- and 000 ft · lbf -lrb- 000 nm -rrb- .
the 00-00 ss/ws0 f-bodies were rated at .
the 00-00 b and d-body version was rated at 000 hp -lrb- 000 kw -rrb- and 000 ft · lbf -lrb- 000 nm -rrb- .
the lt0 was a special high-performance version of the new-generation lt0 .
with the addition of a slightly more aggressive camshaft profile , 0.0:0 full roller bearing aluminum rocker arms and better-flowing intake manifold -lrb- painted red -rrb- and cylinder heads , it was specified to produce 000 hp -lrb- 000 kw -rrb- and .
-lrb- 000 nm -rrb- of torque -lrb- although these numbers were likely underrated in order to `` protect '' the upcoming ls0 's power rating -rrb- .
it was introduced in the 0000 model year , for the last year of the c0 corvette , and came standard on all manual transmission -lrb- zf 0-speed equipped -rrb- c0 corvettes .
the engine was passed down to special versions of the camaro and firebird the next model year .
the lt0 was available on the following vehicles : all 000 production engines for the firehawks and camaro ss were completely disassembled , balanced , blueprinted and honed with stress plates .
one in 0 engines was tested on a superflow engine dyno and every car was tested on a chassis dyno in addition to performing a short road test .
a 0.0 l version of the lt0 , designated the l00 , was introduced in 0000 for the chevrolet caprice .
it was externally identical to the lt0 , but the bore was reduced to 0.000 '' and the stroke to 0.00 '' -lrb- similar to the late sixties chevrolet 000 used in the first-generation camaro z00s -rrb- .
the pistons used in the l00 were the same as the ones used in the vortec 0000 with the use of 0.00 '' connecting rods .
like the lt0 , it features sequential fuel injection , reverse cooling , and an optical crank position sensor .
output is and .
due to its smaller displacement , it provides better fuel economy over the 0.0 l lt0 .
panom yeerum -lrb- ; ; -rrb- born on february 0 , 0000 in surin province , thailand , better known in the west as tony jaa and in thailand as jaa panom , is a thai martial art film actor , choreographer and director .
his films include '' '' and `` tom-yum-goong '' -lrb- also called `` warrior king '' or `` the protector '' -rrb- .
born in surin province in the isan region of thailand , near the border with cambodia .
jaa grew up in a rural area and watched films by bruce lee , jackie chan and jet li at temple fairs .
while doing chores or playing with friends , he would imitate the martial arts moves he had seen in the films .
he would practice in his father 's rice paddy or , when bathing the family 's elephants , he would somersault off their backs into the river .
`` what they did was so beautiful , so heroic .
i wanted to do it , too , '' jaa told `` time '' in a 0000 interview .
`` i practiced until i could do the move exactly as i had seen the masters do it . ''
at age 00 , he looked up panna rittikrai , begging the veteran thai stuntman and action-film director to take him on as a protege .
panna instructed jaa to attend maha sarakham college of physical education in maha sarakham province .
he initially worked as a stuntman on panna 's team , muay thai stunt , appearing in many of panna 's films .
he doubled for sammo hung when the martial-arts actor made a commercial for an energy drink that required him to grasp an elephant 's tusks and somersault onto the elephant 's back .
he also appeared in '' '' , as a stunt double for robin shou -lrb- liu kang -rrb- , and was a stunt double in the thai television series `` insee daeng '' -lrb- `` red eagle '' -rrb- .
together , panna and jaa developed an interest in muay boran , an ancient style of muay thai and worked and trained for six years at the art with the intention of developing a film around it .
eventually they were able to put together a short film showing what jaa could do .
one of the people they showed it to was producer-director prachya pinkaew , who was duly impressed .
this led to '' '' -lrb- องค์บาก -rrb- in 0000 , jaa 's break-out role as a leading man .
jaa did all the stunts without mechanical assistance or computer-generated effects and it showcased his style of extreme acrobatics and speedy , dance-like moves .
injuries suffered in the filming included some kind of injury to one of his ligaments and a sprained ankle .
one scene in the film involved fighting with another actor while his own trousers were on fire .
`` i actually got burned , '' he said in a 0000 interview .
`` i really had to concentrate because once my pants were on fire the flames spread upwards very fast and burnt my eyebrows , my eyelashes and my nose .
then we had to do a couple more takes to get it right . ''
.
with the film , he was hailed as asia 's next martial-arts film superstar .
and as jaa has gained popularity , older films he made with panna began to be released on dvd and vcd and become available internationally .
these include `` spirited killer '' and `` mission hunter 0 '' .
his second major movie was `` tom-yum-goong '' -lrb- ต้มยำกุ้ง ; also the name of a hot and sour soup , `` tom yum kung '' -lrb- ต้มยำกุ้ง -rrb- -rrb- .
this movie enjoyed even greater success in thailand and hong kong than `` ong-bak '' when released , and was subsequently picked up for release in the united states by the weinstein company , which retitled the film as `` the protector '' .
as he did to promote the release of `` ong-bak '' , jaa was again busy travelling the world to promote `` the protector '' .
in august 0000 , he was in new york to promote the us release of `` the protector '' , including an appearance at the museum of the moving image .
sahamongkol film international advertised at film markets that tony jaa 's third film would be called `` sword '' or `` dab atamas '' , about the art of thai two-sword fighting , with a script by prapas chonsalanont .
but then in march 0000 it was reported that there would be a sequel to '' '' , `` ong-bak 0 '' .
with tony both directing and starring , it started pre-production in fall 0000 and is expected to be released sometime in 0000 .
while tony was working on `` ong-bak 0 '' , director prachya pinkaew and action choreographer panna rittikrai were working on `` chocolate '' , starring a female martial artist , nicharee vismistananda , and also due for a 0000 release .
afterward , prachya and jaa were to start work on `` sword '' , but due to falling out between the two men , which neither have publicly commented on , `` sword '' has been cancelled .
tony , meanwhile , has been cast in a small role in a third installment of the `` king naresuan '' film series directed by chatrichalerm yukol .
filming is expected to begin in early 0000 , with tony in role of a slave .
tony 's name is often included on the `` wish lists '' of various directors .
he was at one time rumored to be the villain in `` live free or die hard '' , gossip that he was quick to deny .
his films captured the attention of his hero , jackie chan , who asked director brett ratner to cast tony in `` rush hour 0 '' .
`` i gave the director videos of tony jaa because i think tony jaa is the most well-rounded of all action stars , '' chan told the associated press .
`` the director liked him a lot , '' chan said .
however , tony said he 'd be unable to participate because of scheduling conflicts with the shooting of `` ong bak 0 '' .
in '' '' there is a spray-painted message in the background in one scene that says `` hi spielberg , let -lsb- 's -rsb- do it together '' , which states tony jaa 's wish to work with steven spielberg .
tony has further stated a desire to be cast in the upcoming `` indiana jones 0 '' sequel .
additionally , veteran hong kong martial arts coordinator lau kar-leung has mentioned tony as someone he 'd like to work with .
tony jaa is skilled in muay thai , muay boran jaa speaks thai , khmer , and is learning english .
the metropolitan building , originally known as the northwestern guaranty loan building , is considered to be one of the most architecturally-significant structures in the history of minneapolis , minnesota .
it stood from 0000 until it was torn down starting in 0000 as part of major urban renewal efforts in the city that saw about 00 % of the downtown district razed and replaced with new structures .
at the time , the pending destruction of the richardsonian romanesque building provided a catalyst for historic preservation movements in the city and across the state .
the building is considered by some to be the city 's first skyscraper , with 00 stories and standing 000 ft -lrb- 00m -rrb- tall .
small observation towers poked up above the corners , and the rooftop had a popular garden .
it was built of green new hampshire granite and red lake superior sandstone , with the interiors dressed in antique oak .
a large skylight allowed the interior to be safely lit in a time when the electric light was rare -lrb- though the building was eventually wired -rrb- , and the floors of walkways circling the center court were translucent to allow more light to filter through .
architect e. townsend mix designed the building , and it is considered to be his most notable achievement .
many of the city 's most prestigious companies had offices in the metropolitan .
when it went up , the building was owned by the northwestern guaranty loan company , which had been founded by louis f. menage .
menage -lrb- 0000-0000 -rrb- had gained a fortune while speculating on real estate in the minneapolis area in the 0000s .
he spent $ 0 million on the project .
many hailed the building when it was first completed , although some such as cass gilbert did not like the style .
the panic of 0000 caused menage 's company to collapse , and he fled the country .
thomas lowry , another major real estate speculator and the owner of the area 's streetcar network , purchased the building but only held onto it for a little more than a decade before selling it off to the metropolitan life insurance company in 0000 .
this is where the building gained its `` metropolitan '' name , even though it changed hands a few more times before succumbing to the wrecking ball .
there was little practical reason to tear down the building .
records from the day indicate that it was safe and almost fully occupied at the time it was condemned .
the structure came down because it was in the wrong neighborhood -- on the edge of the so-called gateway district .
an obituary of louis f. menage appeared in the new york times of 00 march 0000 .
he has given his name to a zoological expedition to the philippines from 0000-0000 and he is honored in the scientific name of the dove tawi tawi bleeding heart -lrb- gallicolumba menagei -rrb- .
james simms -lrb- 0000 -- september 0 0000 -rrb- was a british instrument maker .
he succeeded his father william simms -lrb- 0000 -- 0000 -rrb- at the instrument making firm troughton & simms .
the firm made instruments of various kinds , including notably astronomical instruments and telescopes .
for about ten years , until 0000 , his partner in the firm was his cousin william simms -lrb- 0000 -- 0000 -rrb- , who was the son of his uncle james , the brother of his father william .
after 0000 he was sole proprietor .
after his death , he was succeeded in the firm by his sons , who were named william and james .
an , meaning `` great/sacred sword '' , was a type of long japanese sword .
the term `` nodachi '' , or `` field sword '' , which refers to a different type of sword , is often mistakenly used in place of '' ōdachi '' .
it is historically known as ōtachi .
the character for '' ō '' -lrb- 大 -rrb- means `` big '' or `` great '' .
the characters for `` da '' -lrb- 太 -rrb- and `` chi '' -lrb- 刀 -rrb- are the same as `` tachi '' -lrb- 太刀 -rrb- , the older style of sword/mounts that predate the katana .
the `` chi '' is also the same character as `` katana '' -lrb- 刀 -rrb- and the `` tō '' in `` nihontō '' -lrb- 日本刀 `` japanese sword '' -rrb- , originally from the chinese character for a knife , `` dāo '' .
to qualify as an dachi , the sword in question must have a blade length over 0 feet -lrb- 00.00 cm -rrb- .
regardless of size , most ōdachi have religious inscriptions on the tang .
however , as with most terms in japanese sword arts , there is no exact definition of the size of an ōdachi .
the purpose of the ōdachi can be categorized as follows : most ōdachi were used for the first two reasons .
ōdachi are difficult to produce because their length makes heat treatment in a traditional way more complicated : the longer a blade is , the more difficult -lrb- or expensive -rrb- it is to heat the whole blade to a homogenous temperature , both for annealing and to reach the hardening temperature .
the quenching process then needs a bigger quenching medium because uneven quenching might lead to warping the blade .
the method of polishing is also different .
because of their size , ōdachi are usually hung from the ceiling or placed in a stationary position to be polished , unlike normal swords which are moved over polishing stones .
acquiring an ōdachi would be hard as they would almost certainly have to be custom-made .
as such , a local government or religious organization would have to fund ōdachi production , as there is no reason for its creation otherwise .
they are still made on occasion .
one such sword , made in 0000 , -lrb- now in a private collection in texas -rrb- was made at the request of a dying man .
it 's purpose was to please the gods and enlist their protection of his family after his impending death .
ōdachi that were used as weapons were too long for samurai to carry on their waists like normal swords .
there were two methods in which they could be carried .
ōdachi swordplay styles focused on downward cuts and different wields than those of normal swords .
the ōdachi 's importance died off after the osaka-natsuno-jin war of 0000 -lrb- the final battle between tokugawa ieyasu and toyotomi hideyori -rrb- .
since then it has been used more as a ceremonial piece .
reasons for loss of popularity .
after the law was put into practice , ōdachi were cut down to the shorter legal size .
this is one of the reasons why ōdachi are so rare .
ōdachi were no longer of practical use , but were still made as offerings to shinto shrines .
this became their main purpose .
due to the amount of skill required to make one it was considered that their awesome appearance was suitable for praying to the gods .
black xxx-mas is a 0000 short film by belgian filmmaker pieter van hees about a poor family on christmas eve , in a story that loosely follows little red riding hood .
it stars rochelle gadd , don warrington , and manou kersting .
little red -lrb- gadd -rrb- goes out on christmas eve to buy some drugs on the dangerous streets , aptly named `` the forest '' .
she is caught with a joint by a crooked police officer , `` wolfy '' -lrb- kersting -rrb- , who seems more interested in molesting red than making the arrest .
when some careless tourists snap photos of wolfy 's lewd behavior , he is forced to shoot them , then eats red , the only witness .
meanwhile , red 's father , black santa -lrb- warrington -rrb- , goes out to steal some presents from rich families .
he happens to break into wolfy 's house , and ends up having sex with his wife .
wolfy comes home to find his wife with santa , and shoots her .
santa manages to grab a gun from above the fireplace and shoots wolfy .
hearing red 's voice coming from inside wolfy 's body , santa tears open wolfy 's body to find his daughter safe , although shaken .
later in the evening , red and her family sing carols around the christmas tree , which is now topped by a star , wolfy 's police badge .
the film is notable for being shamelessly over the top , including entirely gratuitous nudity , excessive violence , and bright garish colours throughout .
it begins with a dramatic but entirely unnecessary overhead crane shot .
channel 0 introduced this short film noting it was almost the antithesis of the minimalism dogme 00 school of filmmaking .
a method of divination in which a person spins around inside or walks the circumference of a circle drawn on the ground , which circumference is marked with letters of an alphabet .
the divination is inferred from the position at which the person either stumbles or falls across the circle 's edge , repeating the practice '' ... till he evolved an intelligible sentence , or till death or madness intervened . ''
the dizziness brought on by spinning or circling is intended to introduce randomness or to facilitate analtered state of consciousness .
the word is derived from medieval latin , `` gyromantia '' , which is derived from greek `` gyros '' -lrb- circle -rrb- and `` manteia '' -lrb- oracle -rrb- .
chrysler 's a platform was the basis for smaller rear wheel drive cars in the 0000s .
these cars are sometimes referred to as a-body cars .
cars using the a platform include : the `` a '' name was reused again for the mid-size chrysler lebaron , dodge spirit and plymouth acclaim sedans , though this was changed to aa when chrysler moved to two-letter names for 0000 .
the `` aa '' cars lasted until 0000 when replaced by the more modern , but less popular , ja `` cloud cars '' in the same year .
cars that used the front wheel drive aa platform were : in the bible , the new jerusalem -lrb- also called the tabernacle of god , holy city , city of god , celestial city , and heavenly jerusalem , as well as jerusalem above and zion -rrb- , is a literal -lrb- or figurative , depending upon the writer 's viewpoint -rrb- city that is a completely new dwelling for the saints .
others may believe that it is a physical reconstruction , spiritual restoration , or divine recreation of the city of jerusalem .
such a renewal of jerusalem , if a reconstruction , is an important theme in judaism , christianity , and the bahá ' í faith .
as a prominent feature of the book of revelation , the new jerusalem holds an important place in christian eschatology and christian theology .
the new jerusalem has also influenced christian philosophy and christian mysticism .
many beliefs and traditions , based upon biblical scripture and other writings in the jewish and christian religions , such as fundamentalist protestantism , orthodox christianity , and orthodox judaism , expect the literal renewal of jerusalem to some day take place at the temple mount in accordance with various biblical prophecies .
dispensationalists believe in a literal new jerusalem coming down from god out of heaven , which will be an entirely new city of incredible dimensions .
still other sects , such as , various protestant denominations , mormonism , and modernist branches of christianity and reform judaism , view the new jerusalem as figurative , or believe that such a renewal may have already taken place , or that it will take place at some other location besides the temple mount .
the paradise gardens of the ancient near east are the earliest precursors to the idea of the new jerusalem .
in the old testament , the book of genesis bases the layout of the garden of eden on that of the paradise gardens .
in both schema , a walled enclosure divided by spans of water protects and delights its inhabitants .
also , the synthesis of geometric and natural arrangements in paradise gardens has an echo in the new jerusalem .
since judaism views the renewed jerusalem as a kind of paradise , the garden of eden presents itself as the jewish prototype for the new jerusalem .
in these ways , the garden of eden , as a prominent feature of the origin beliefs of both judaism and christianity , is elemental to the idea of the new jerusalem .
the city of jerusalem holds immense importance to judaism .
the jewish faith has long considered jerusalem its most holy city , the center of the promised land , and a symbol of the jewish people .
indeed , the modern jewish state of israel holds jerusalem as its capital , though this claim is controversial .
this ancient and persistent religious significance of jerusalem explains why jews began to associate the renewal of jerusalem with paradise .
the ark of the covenant , the tabernacle and the temple in jerusalem were instrumental in the development of the idea of the new jerusalem .
the history of these places of worship tie into that of the new jerusalem .
the concept of the new jerusalem has its most immediate origins in judaism with the destruction of solomon 's temple and the babylonian captivity , events that spurred the ancient jewish hope for a restoration of jerusalem .
when nebuchadnezzar ii of babylon sacked jerusalem , laid waste the temple , and took the jews into captivity in 000 bc , the jewish prophet ezekiel foretold of the restoration of jerusalem to his people .
the jews held ezekiel 's promise of the restoration of jerusalem close to their hearts during the captivity and afterwards .
in the course of history , various other prophets came forth with messages of jerusalem 's renewal .
there has long been a belief in judaism that the messiah will enter through the golden gate , renew jerusalem and israel , and save the jewish people .
zion is related to the new jerusalem .
certain elements of modern religious zionism , especially christian zionism , harken back to this ancient jewish yearning for a restoration of jerusalem .
the idea of the third temple has much in common with the concept of the new jerusalem .
as christianity originated as a sect of judaism , the history of jewish places of worship and the currents of thought in ancient judaism described above served in part as the basis for the development of the christian conception of the new jerusalem .
in addition to judaism 's reverence for the city , christians have always placed religious significance on jerusalem as the site of the crucifixion and other events central to the christian faith .
in particular , the destruction of the second temple that took place in the year 00 , a few decades after christianity began its split from judaism , was seminal to the nascent christian apocalypticism of that time .
during the olivet discourse of the gospels , jesus foretells of the destruction of herod 's temple , and promises that it will precede the return of the son of man , the second coming .
this prophecy of the renewal of jerusalem by the messiah echoes those of the jewish prophets .
john of patmos ' vision of the new jerusalem in the book of revelation draws on the olivet discourse and all the historical precursors mentioned above .
based on the book of revelation , premillennialism holds that , following the end times and the second creation of heaven and earth , the new jerusalem will be the earthly location where all true believers will spend eternity with god .
the new jerusalem is not limited to eschatology , however .
many christians view the new jerusalem as a current reality .
christians view the new jerusalem as the consummation of the body of christ , the church .
according to this view , christians already take part in membership of both the heavenly jerusalem and the earthly church in a kind of `` dual citizenship . ''
in this way , the new jerusalem represents to christians the final and everlasting reconciliation of god and his chosen people , `` the end of the christian pilgrimage . ''
as such , the new jerusalem is a conception of heaven .
the term `` new jerusalem '' occurs twice in the new testament , in verses 0:00 and 00:0 of the book of revelation .
the `` new '' in the new jerusalem comes from the greek word `` kainos '' , which has a meaning different from `` neos '' , the other greek word usually translated into english as `` new '' .
`` neos '' refers to something newly created , whereas `` kainos '' means something renewed or refreshed .
a large portion of the final two chapters of the christian bible deals with john of patmos ' vision of the new jerusalem .
he describes the new jerusalem as '' ` the bride , the wife of the lamb ' '' .
after john witnesses the new heaven and a new earth `` that no longer has any sea '' , an angel takes him `` in the spirit '' to a vantage point on `` a great and high mountain '' to see the new jerusalem 's descent .
the enormous city comes out of heaven from god , down to the new earth .
john follows his narration of the city 's descent with an elaborate description .
this description of the new jerusalem retains many features of the garden of eden and the paradise garden , such as rivers , a square shape , a wall , and the tree of life .
according to john , the new jerusalem is `` pure gold , like clear glass '' and its `` brilliance like a very costly stone , as a stone of crystal-clear jasper . ''
the street of the city is also made of `` pure gold , like transparent glass '' .
biblical writers often used gold as a symbol for eternity , as it does not rust , and kingship , as it is very valuable .
the base of the city is laid out in a square and surrounded by a wall made of jasper .
john writes that the wall is 000 cubits , but is unclear if he means tall or thick .
000 cubits are about equal to 00 meters , or 00 yards .
also according to john , there is no temple building in the new jerusalem , as the lord god almighty and the lamb are the city 's temple , since they are worshipped everywhere .
revelation 00 goes on to describe a river of the water of life that flows down the middle of the great street of the city from the throne of god .
the tree of life grows in the middle of this street and on either side , or in the middle of the street and on either side of the river .
each tree bears twelve fruits , or kinds of fruits , and yields its fruit every month .
according to john , `` the leaves of the tree were for the healing of the nations . ''
this inclusion of the tree of life in the new jerusalem harkens back to the garden of eden .
the fruit the tree bears may be the fruit of life .
john states that the new jerusalem will be free of sin .
according to the seer , the servants of god will have theosis , and `` his name will be on their foreheads . ''
night will no longer fall , and the inhabitants of the city will `` have need no lamp nor light of the sun , for the lord god gives them light . ''
john ends his account of the new jerusalem by stressing its eternal nature : `` and they shall reign forever and ever . ''
there are twelve gates in the wall oriented to the compass with three each on the east , north , south , and west sides .
there is an angel at each gate , or gatehouse .
these gates are each made of a single pearl , giving them the name of the `` pearly gates '' .
the names of the twelve tribes of israel are written on these gates .
this list either alludes to the traditional division of the twelve tribes as written on the vestments of the kohen gadol , or the other division based on the partition of land .
the gates are arranged in the same way as the tribes were in the encampment of the forty years ' wandering , though the seer lists the gates in an order different from that of the old testament 's description of the encampment .
the layout of the gates likely remains parallel to that of the tribes , given the description of precious stones that follows .
the wall has twelve foundation stones , and on these are written the names of the twelve apostles .
revelation lacks a list of the names of the twelve apostles , and does not describe which name is inscribed on which foundation stone , or if all of the names are inscribed on all of the foundation stones , so that aspect of the arrangement is open to speculation .
one scholar holds that judas iscariot 's name is absent from the foundations , replaced by that of another apostle .
these foundation stones are adorned with twelve types of precious stones .
in modern times , the precise identification of all these precious stones is not certain , as several of the ancient names may refer to several different types of stones , or may no longer refer to the same kinds of stones that they did at the time of revelation 's writing .
also , the layout of the precious stones is contested .
all of the precious stones could adorn each foundation stone , either in layers or mixed together some other way , or just one unique type of stone could adorn each separate foundation stone .
this latter possibility is favored by tradition , as each gate presumably stands on one foundation stone , and each of the twelve tribes has long been associated with a certain type of precious stone .
these historical connections go back to the time of temple worship , when the same kinds of stones were set in the golden breastplate of the ephod worn by the kohen gadol , and on the ephod the names of each of the twelve tribes of israel were inscribed on a particular type of stone .
given the ambiguities of john 's description , the exact arrangement of the gates , foundation stones , and precious stones of the wall of the new jerusalem is debated .
the layout of the new jerusalem according to john 's vision might follow something like this : one of the more striking features of the new jerusalem is its vast size .
in 00:00 , the angel measures the city with a golden rod or reed , and records it as being 00,000 stadia by 00,000 stadia at the base , as well as 00,000 stadia high .
a stadion is usually stated as 000.0 meters , or 000 feet , so the base has dimensions of about 0000 km by 0000 km , or 0000 miles by 0000 miles .
these measurements equate to an area of 0.0 million square kilometers , which is larger than the 0,000,000 km ² of the 00 states of the european union in 0000 , but smaller than the 0,000,000 km ² of australia .
it is 00 % of the area of the middle east which may have around 0,000,000 km ² .
in the ancient greek system of measurement , the base of the new jerusalem would have been equal to 000 million square stadia .
if rested on the earth , its ceiling would be inside the exosphere .
if the entire flat area of the foundation was supported by the earth , a chord of 0000 miles would generate a trench on the earth of about 00.0 miles deep at the very center of the base : formula_0 .
it is unclear whether the city is in the form of a cube or a pyramid : dispensational view - henry m. morris .
in his book , the revelation record , morris takes a literal viewpoint on the description of the heavenly city .
the author disagrees with those writers ' viewpoints suggesting that the city is a pyramid in shape and quotes biblical sources for his conclusions : '' `` furthermore , its height is the same as its width and breadth , the whole comprising a gigantic cubical structure 0,000 miles on every side .
a number of writers have interpreted the city to be like a pyramid in shape , with the height of the pyramid equal to the dimensions of its base .
such an interpretation is quite forced , however , the language of the passage being much more naturally understood to mean a cube , with the length and breadth and height all the same .
such a shape was long ago associated with the sacred presence of god , suggesting the attributes of tri-unity as it does .
that is , the fundamental cosmic entity of space is a genuine trinity .
space must be composed of three dimensions , but each dimension pervades all space .
space is always referenced to the first dimension -lrb- length -rrb- , but can only be seen in terms of two dimensions -lrb- area = length squared -rrb- and experienced in three dimensions -lrb- volume = length cubed -rrb- .
similarly , the godhead is referenced to the father , seen in the son , experienced in the holy spirit '' .
`` the pyramidal shape , on the other hand -lrb- whether as in egypt , mexico , or the stepped-towers of practically all ancient nations -rrb- , seems always to have been associated with paganism , with the pyramid 's apex being dedicated to the worship of the sun , or the host of heaven .
the first such structure was the tower of babel , and the bible always later condemns worship carried out in high places -lrb- leviticus 00:00 -rrb- whether these were simply natural high hills or artificially constructed hills in the form of a pyramid or ziggurat '' .
`` the cube , on the other hand , was the shape specified by god for the holy place , or the oracle , in solomon 's temple -lrb- 0 kings 0:00 -rrb- , where god was to `` dwell '' between the cherubim .
both the language and the symbology thus favor the cubical , rather than the pyramidal , shape '' '' .
morris then continues with a discussion of the resurrected saints ' new bodies , writing that these `` will be like those of angels , no longer limited by gravitational or electromagnetic forces as at present '' . ''
`` thus , it will be easy for the inhabitants to travel vertically as horizontally , in the new jerusalem .
consequently , the `` streets '' of the city -lrb- verse 00 -rrb- may well include vertical passageways as well as horizontal avenues , and the `` blocks '' could be real cubical blocks , instead of square areas between streets as in a present-day earthly city '' . ''
morris discussion of the new jerusalem space geometry .
morris writes that , going by text in matthew 0:00 , that the large majority of people throughout all ages will not be saved .
he uses this scripture as the basis for his conclusion that the new jerusalem `` would have to accommodate 00 billion residents . ''
he also writes with the assumption that 00 percent of the city is used for the `` mansions '' .
to quote : '' `` assume that 00 percent of the city is used for the `` mansions '' of these inhabitants -lrb- john 00:0 -rrb- , with the rest allocated to streets , parks , public buildings , etc. .
then the average space assigned to each person would be '' : '' morris then continues to describe the above equation : '' `` this would correspond to a cubical `` block '' with about seventy-five acres on each face .
obviously , there is adequate room in the holy city for all who will be there '' . ''
the term `` heavenly jerusalem '' is used in hebrews 00:00 .
paul refers to the jerusalem above in the epistle to the galatians 0:00 , 00 and explains it as the mother of christians .
the roman catholic church places the new jerusalem in the eschatological role found in revelation .
catholicism also holds that the new jerusalem already exists as a spiritual community in heaven , the church triumphant , with an outpost on earth , the church militant .
together , the church triumphant and church militant form the church universal .
augustine of hippo , a doctor of the church and church father , draws inspiration from john 's account of the new jerusalem to outline this view in his monumental work `` the city of god '' .
the catholic encyclopedia article on `` heaven '' states that catholic theologians deem more appropriate that there should be a special and glorious abode , in which the blessed have their peculiar home and where they usually abide , even though they be free to go about in this world .
for the surroundings in the midst of which the blessed have their dwelling must be in accordance with their happy state ; and the internal union of charity which joins them in affection must find its outward expression in community of habitation .
at the end of the world , the earth together with the celestial bodies will be gloriously transformed into a part of the dwelling-place of the blessed -lrb- revelation 00 -rrb- .
hence there seems to be no sufficient reason for attributing a metaphorical sense to those numerous utterances of the bible which suggest a definite dwelling-place of the blessed .
theologians , therefore , generally hold that the heaven of the blessed is a special place with definite limits .
naturally , this place is held to exist , not within the earth , but , in accordance with the expressions of scripture , without and beyond its limits .
all further details regarding its locality are quite uncertain .
the church has decided nothing on this subject .
the catholic church published the new jerusalem bible in 0000 .
emperor lalibela of ethiopia built the city of lalibela as a new reconstructed jerusalem in response to the muslim capture of jerusalem by saladin 's forces in 0000 .
also , the new jerusalem monastery in russia takes its name from the heavenly jerusalem .
for the most part , protestant views of the new jerusalem fall in line with the catholic understanding .
however , there are exceptions .
lutheran minister john christopher hartwick unsuccessfully attempted to establish the intentional community of `` new jerusalem '' in otsego county , new york and elsewhere .
the new jerusalem was an important theme in the puritan colonization of america .
emerging church , liberation theology , and liberal theology .
the emerging church movement , liberation theology , and liberal or progressive christianity may hold very different views on the exact nature of the concept of the new jerusalem , although this is to be expected in the generally non-dogmatic formulations of these movements .
however , in this context , it is more likely to refer to a future goal of a harmonious , peaceful world , outside of the traditional view of prophecy and eschatology .
ecclesiastic swedenborgians often refer to their organizations as part of or contributing to the new jerusalem as explained by emanuel swedenborg in such books as `` new jerusalem and its heavenly doctrine '' , `` apocalypse revealed '' , and `` apocalypse explained '' .
according to swedenborg , the new jerusalem described in the bible is a symbol for a new dispensation that was to replace/restore christianity .
also according to these books , this new jerusalem began to be established around 0000 .
this stems from their belief that jerusalem itself is a symbol of the church , and so the new jerusalem in the bible is a prophetic description of a new church .
the latter day saint movement -lrb- mormonism -rrb- refers to the new jerusalem as zion .
joseph smith , jr. , the founder of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints , prophesied that god will establish the new jerusalem at the site of the temple lot in the present-day city of independence , missouri .
smith drafted a detailed plat of zion based on the biblical description of the new jerusalem .
jehovah 's witnesses believe that jerusalem above is the mother of anointed christians and jehovah 's heavenly organization or the entire congregation of jehovah 's loyal spirit servants .
they also believe that it is the woman of genesis 0:00 .
richard brothers , the ideological architect of british israelism developed this viewpoint .
adrian gilbert described the relationships between the new jerusalem and british israelism in his 0000 book `` the new jerusalem '' .
adrian gilbert 's `` the new jerusalem '' shows that there was a secret tradition that the british are descended from the lost tribes of israel , an idea known as british israelism , and that the capital city of britain should therefore be re-modeled as a new jerusalem for the coming age of enlightenment .
gilbert presents evidence showing that this belief has its origins from at least the 0th century ad .
it became more popular at the time of elizabeth i and spread in influence during the stuart period .
it reached its height of influence during and just after the first world war .
gilbert shows that though the full idea of rebuilding london as a new jerusalem had to be abandoned for practical reasons .
certain building , such as st paul 's cathedral , contain elements of the plan in their design .
there exists a community in north perth , western australia that believes that perth is the new jersusalem .
they believe that the recent water shortages in the city are a test by god to assess their suitability for acceptance into the divine kingdom .
the bahá ' í faith views the new jerusalem as the renewal of religion that takes place about every thousand years and which secures the prosperity of the human world .
bahá ` u 'll áh , the founder of the bahá ' í faith , identified the new jerusalem with his claimed revelation -lrb- the word of god -rrb- , and more specifically with the law of god .
` abdu ` l-bahá , bahá ` u 'll áh 's son , further explains that the new jerusalem which descends from heaven is not an actual city which is renewed , but the law of god since it descends from heaven through a new revelation and it is renewed .
shoghi effendi , the guardian of the bahá ' í faith , stated that specifically bahá ` u 'll áh 's book of laws , the kitáb-i-aqdas , is the new jerusalem .
bahá ` u 'll áh , in the tablet of carmel , also states that the new jerusalem had appeared upon the new mount zion , mount carmel .
the kaaba , the most holy place in islam , has several similarities to the new jerusalem .
the kaaba is a large cuboidal building located inside the mosque known as al-masjid al-haram in mecca .
the mosque was built around the original kaaba .
according to the qur ` an , the kaaba was built by ibrahim -lrb- abraham -rrb- and his son ismail -lrb- ishmael islamic traditions assert that the kaaba `` reflects '' a house in heaven called al-baytu l-maˤmur -lrb- arabic : البيت المعمور -rrb- and that it was first built by the first man , adam .
ibrahim and ismail rebuilt the kaaba on the old foundations .
the concept of the new jerusalem as an ideal or mobile city has influenced utopianism , science fiction , urban planning , and architecture .
margaret wertheim suggests in `` the pearly gates of cyberspace : a history of space from dante to the internet '' that cyberspace has replaced the new jerusalem in transhumanism .
american pseudophilosopher gene ray has referred to the cubic interpretation of the new jerusalem in an effort to express his time cube theory to religious believers who will only take seriously biblical scriptures .
jerusalem of adventist cult ideology the chrysler b platform was the basis for rear-wheel drive chrysler cars from 0000 through 0000 .
all of the b-body cars in a given model year for either make were built upon the same chassis .
however , the outward design differed between makes .
the plymouth b-body series ultimately comprised four cars with nearly identical outward appearances -lrb- differing only in trim package , drive train and accessories -rrb- .
these were the belvedere , satellite , gtx and road runner .
the superbird was a road runner with an extended nose and a high-mounted rear wing .
it was the only plymouth b-body that looked essentially different from the others .
there was more diversity in the outward appearance of the dodge b-body series .
the dodge models based on the b-body were the coronet , super bee and the charger .
the charger daytona was a charger with an extended nose and high-mounted rear wing .
cars using the rear wheel drive b platform include : five different wheelbases were available : from 0000 to 0000 , the b-body name was used again for the midsize front wheel drive eagle premier sedan , which was originally designed by and was slated to be built by american motors with renault until chrysler 's buyout of that company in march 0000 .
the premier was later joined by the similar dodge monaco for 0000 .
chrysler 's c platform was the basis for rear wheel drive full-size cars from 0000 to 0000 .
although often misclassified , 0000 and earlier full-size chrysler products , and 0000 and earlier imperials are not c-bodies .
cars using the c platform include : the `` c '' name was revived as the basis of chrysler 's new k-based mid-size front wheel drive cars .
cars that used the front wheel drive c : chrysler 's d platform was derived from the mitsubishi galant and used by the front-wheel drive and all-wheel drive diamond star motors cars in the 0000s .
the original d platform debuted in 0000 and was refreshed in 0000 as the pj platform .
another dsm platform , the fj platform , debuted in 0000 for use in the chrysler sebring and dodge avenger .
chrysler originally used the title d platform in 0000-0000 for the large rwd imperial .
cumulus castellanus -lrb- from latin `` castellanus '' , castle -rrb- is a type of cumulus cloud that is distinctive because it displays multiple towers arising from its top , indicating significant vertical air movement .
they are so named because they somewhat resemble the crenellation on medieval castles .
cumulus castellanus clouds are associated with the formation of tower cumulus , or cumulonimbus clouds and can be an indicator of bad weather .
a booster engine for steam locomotives is a small two-cylinder steam engine back-gear-connected to the trailing truck axle on the locomotive or , if none , the lead truck on the tender .
a rocking idler gear permits it to be put into operation by the engineer .
it would drive one axle only and could be non-reversible with one idler gear or reversible with two idler gears .
they were used to start a heavy train or maintain low speed under demanding conditions .
it could be cut in while moving at speeds under 00 mph -lrb- 00 km/h -rrb- .
rated at about 000 hp -lrb- 000 kw -rrb- at speeds of from 00 to 00 miles per hour -lrb- 00 to 00 km/h -rrb- .
it would automatically cut out at 00 mph -lrb- 00 km/h -rrb- .
tractive effort of 00-00 ,000 lbf -lrb- 00 to 00 kn -rrb- was common .
tender boosters were equipped with side-rods connecting axles on the lead truck .
such small side-rods restricted speed and thus confined to switching locomotives , often used in transfer service between yards .
such boosters were far rarer than engine boosters .
the booster is intended to address fundamental flaws of the standard steam locomotive .
first , most steam locomotives do not provide power to all wheels .
the amount of force that can be applied to the rail depends on the weight on driven wheels and the factor of adhesion of the wheels against the track .
unpowered wheels effectively ` waste ' weight which could be used for traction .
unpowered wheels are generally needed to provide stability at speed , but at low speed this is not necessary .
second , the `` gearing '' of a steam locomotive is constant , since the pistons are linked directly to the wheels via rods and cranks .
since this is fixed , a compromise must be struck between ability to haul at low speed and the ability to run fast without inducing excessive piston speeds -lrb- which would cause failure -rrb- or the exhaustion of steam .
this compromise means that the steam locomotive at low speeds is not able to use all the power the boiler is capable of producing ; it simply can not use steam that quickly , and there is a big gap between the amount of steam the boiler could produce and the amount that can be used .
the booster enables that wasted potential to be put to use .
boosters were costly to maintain with their flexible steam and exhaust pipes , idler gear etc. .
the booster saw most use in north america .
railway systems elsewhere often considered the expense and complexity unjustified .
even in the north american region , booster engines were applied to only a tiny fraction of all locomotives built .
some railroads used boosters extensively while others did not .
the new york central was a fan of the booster and applied it to all of its 0-0-0 hudson locomotives .
the rival pennsylvania railroad , however , used few booster-equipped locomotives .
canadian pacific railway rostered a grand total of 0000 steam locomotives acquired between 0000 and 0000 , yet only 00 were equipped with boosters .
00 h0 class 0-0-0s , 0 k0 class 0-0-0s and all 00 t0 class 0-00-0s .
in australia , victorian railways equipped all but one of its x class 0-0-0 locomotives -lrb- built between 0000 and 0000 -rrb- with a ` franklin ' two cylinder booster engine after the successful trial of the device on a smaller n class 0-0-0 in 0000 .
the south australian railways 000 class 0-0-0 heavy passenger locomotives were rebuilt into 0-0-0s with the addition of a booster truck from 0000 onwards .
nzr 's kb class of 0000 were built with booster trucks to enable the locomotives to handle the steeper grades of the south island lines .
chrysler 's rear wheel drive f platform was used from 0000 to 0000 .
it was replaced by the nearly-identical chrysler m platform .
there were two wheelbases : 000.0 in for 0-door models , and 000.0 in for four-doors .
as the market evolved , these would be marketed as mid-size and eventually take on full-sized nameplates such as plymouth fury for police and fleet applications .
these were effectively replaced by the very successful chrysler k platform in standard and stretch sizes which retained two bench seats , column shifter and room for six unlike many other compact-sized cars modeled after non-american designs -lrb- buckets seats for 0/0 , console shifter -rrb- .
it was widely believed that the f platform was not as high quality as the highly successful chrysler a platform which underpinned the compact dodge dart and plymouth valiant .
cars that used the f platform include : chrysler used the designation e platform for two separate car ranges .
one was used for rear wheel drive cars in the 0000s : the designation was also used for an extended version -lrb- hence `` e '' -rrb- of the front wheel drive chrysler k platform during the 0000s : challengernation.com - a site dedicated to the dodge challenger -lrb- old and new -rrb- crenellation -lrb- or crenelation , also known as castellation -rrb- is the name for the distinctive pattern that frames the tops of the walls of many medieval castles , often called battlements .
crenellation most commonly takes the form of multiple , regular , rectangular spaces cut out of the top of the wall to allow defenders spaces to shoot arrows from and other spaces to hide behind full cover .
the technical name for an opening in crenellations is embrasure or crenel -lrb- or crenelle -rrb- , while the raised portions of the wall between them are called merlons .
crenellations would have been used originally on defensive walls built around a settlement -lrb- with or without a castle -rrb- , but the modern experience of them is mainly their appearance on the towers and turrets of castles and mock-castles .
they can also be seen in large numbers on the great wall of china .
a license to crenelate was supposedly a grant that gave permission for a building to be fortified .
this may have started in the carolingian empire as a way to control castle building to prevent local lords from becoming over mighty or too strong but , in feudal society , the license was used both by king and baron as a symbol of their status .
with `` few exceptions at times of turbulence , the king 's right as overlord to license was a right to grant , not to refuse , permission to crenelate '' -lrb- coulson , 0000 , p00 -rrb- and `` in reality , no feudal or sub-feudal ruler could either in law or in practice deny to his vassal the protection by self-help fortifying which he , as lord , had failed to provide . ''
-lrb- coulson , 0000 , p00n00 -rrb- it was not in reality necessary to obtain a license to crenelate to erect a fortified building .
there was `` very slight chance of interference by royal officials even in so intensively governed a realm as england , but a license was prestigious and could be had for the asking . ''
-lrb- coulson , 0000 , p00 -rrb- .
fortifications were not restricted by law , but the cost of building and , particularly , of providing a garrison restricted true military castles to a very limited number anyway .
metropark is the name of a train station in woodbridge township , middlesex county , new jersey , which is served by amtrak and new jersey transit trains on the northeast corridor line .
metropark station takes its name from a nearby office park in iselin , a neighborhood in woodbridge township .
as of 0000 , metropark was the twenty-fifth-busiest amtrak station by annual boardings , with 000,000 that year .
while amtrak trains skip many stations between trenton rail station and penn station in newark , most amtrak trains stop at metropark .
new jersey transit reports that on an average weekday , about 0,000 passengers board at metropark .
in all , the station serves nearly four million passengers a year .
metropark was first proposed in late 0000 , under a plan introduced by the new jersey department of transportation -lrb- njdot -rrb- .
the metropark station was dedicated on november 00 , 0000 by amtrak .
commuter trains began stopping at metropark in 0000 , and two nearby stations , iselin and colonia , were closed .
in january 0000 , nj transit announced a nearly $ 00 million renovation plan for the station , to be completed by 0000 .
.
the metropark station is served by these amtrak routes : the station is also served by new jersey transit 's northeast corridor commuter rail line , as well as connecting bus services .
metropark was named after the metroliner , an amtrak train with planned station stops in washington , d.c. , baltimore , maryland , wilmington , delaware , philadelphia , pennsylvania , newark , new jersey , and new york city .
metropark has a multi-story parking facility that is open 00/0 .
the parking fee is $ 0 per day for 00 hours .
annual , semi-annual , and quarterly parking permits are available for discounted rates -lrb- $ 00.00 per month -rrb- .
permit holders may park in either of the two multi-level parking decks using their proximity card for entry and exit .
daily parking users take a ticket upon entry , which must be paid for before exiting the facility .
several self-service kiosks within the garages allow users to pay their daily parking fee before returning to their vehicle .
000 middlesex essex turnpike <br> the station lies within the iselin section of woodbridge township , close to the border with edison , north of the intersection of thornall street and wood avenue .
it is accessible via exits 000 , 000 , 000a , or 000b of the garden state parkway .
unitary representations of a star lie superalgebra in mathematics , a * lie superalgebra is a complex lie superalgebra equipped with an involutive antilinear map * such that * respects the grading and a unitary representation of such a lie algebra is a z0 graded hilbert space which is a representation of the lie superalgebra together with the requirement that self-adjoint elements of the lie superalgebra are represented by hermitian transformations .
this is a major concept in the study of supersymmetry together with algebra representation of a lie superalgebra .
say a is an * - algebra representation of the lie superalgebra -lrb- together with the additional requirement that * respects the grading and l * =--lrb- -0 -rrb- lal * -lsb- a * -rsb- -rrb- and h is the unitary rep and also , h is a unitary representation of a .
these three reps are all compatible if for pure elements a in a , | ψ > in h and l in the lie superalgebra , sometimes , the lie superalgebra is embedded within a in the sense that there is a homomorphism from the universal enveloping algebra of the lie superalgebra to a .
in that case , the equation above reduces to the attractive feature of this approach is that there is no need to introduce -lrb- mysterious -rrb- grassmann numbers .
the s platform or s-body is chrysler 's minivan platform .
descended from the chrysler k platform , the s formed the basis of the groundbreaking dodge caravan/plymouth voyager/chrysler town and country minivan trio .
the minivans are currently built at saint louis assembly south in fenton , missouri , as well as windsor assembly in windsor , ontario , canada .
historically , production of the long-wheelbase versions took place at windsor , but both plants are currently capable of building either wheelbase .
the first-generation , also codenamed t-000 , lasted from 0000 until 0000 .
origins of the t-000 platform dates back to the late 0000s .
the second-generation of the platform was introduced in 0000 and called as .
this was the last k-based version of the s platform , as the ns platform switched to a new cab forward design .
the cs is a variant of the rs platform made specifically for the chrysler pacifica crossover suv .
the third-generation of the platform was introduced in 0000 and called ns .
the fourth-generation of the platform was introduced in 0000 and is called rs .
the fifth-generation is expected in 0000 as a 0000 model and will be called rt. .
currently , it is expected to feature a new 0.0 l v0 as its top engine , mated to a six-speed automatic ; an expected new feature is a built-in diaper changing station .
for 0000 the short-wheelbase model will be dropped , and there will be no dodge caravan , only the grand caravan .
a new volkswagen minivan will be built by chrysler alongside its own minivans in ontario .
it will use the chrysler platform and drivetrain , but will sport a unique interior and exterior , likely quite different from the chrysler vans .
it will be targeted and sold exclusively in the north american market .
list of famous deaths by cause bartolomé de escobedo -lrb- c. 0000 -- august 00 , 0000 -rrb- was a spanish composer of the renaissance .
he was born in zamora , studied at salamanca where he was a singer , and in 0000 joined the papal choir in rome , where he remained off-and-on until 0000 .
when he left the papal choir he returned to spain , taking a position at the cathedral in segovia .
he had his share of difficulties while in rome , mostly due to his short temper .
records from the vatican show that he was fined for calling a fellow singer an `` ass '' ; on another occasion he called a singer a `` fat pig . ''
he appears to have been ill from gout for much of the 00 years he was in rome .
of his music , two masses and a small number motets survive .
escobedo is best known as the teacher of tomás luis de victoria .
the lh platform was chrysler 's second-most well-known automobile platform after the chrysler k platform of the 0000s .
the platform was loosely based on the amc-developed eagle premier .
like the premier , the lh-cars featured a longitudinally-mounted engine with a front-wheel drive drivetrain , unusual in most american front-wheel drive cars .
they competed more directly against the ford taurus and other large mid-size cars , largely replacing the k-based c-bodies .
the lh cars debuted in 0000 , and were updated in 0000 .
the lh platform was replaced with the rear-wheel drive chrysler lx platform for the 0000 model year .
chrysler advertised the advantages of the lh 's `` cab-forward '' architecture -lrb- short , sloping hood and long windshield -rrb- , and even used the platform name for the chrysler lhs sedan .
this look dictated one major design decision : the lh uses a longitudinal engine rather than the transverse engine position , which is more typical for a front-wheel drive car .
this arrangement meant that the design team had to use a chain to connect the automatic transmission with the front differential , a design reminiscent of the original oldsmobile toronado .
the lh platform and engine design were benchmarked against the acura legend , though the final lh cars were larger and lighter than the legend .
a rumor at the time was that lh stood for ` last hope ' .
this was because chrysler faced an uncertain future that its engineers were allowed to do what they felt was innovative .
the lh vehicles were , generally , a great success for chrysler and the cab-forward look influenced other car designs in the 0000s .
the lh sedans also bailed chrysler out of bankruptcy in the 0000s , just like the k-cars did during the 0000s .
the first generation lh cars used the existing 0.0 l ohv v0 as well as a new 0.0 l sohc v0 , and a four-speed automatic transmission .
cars that used the first revision of the lh platform include : originally , chrysler came close to giving plymouth a variant of the lh platform , called the plymouth accolade .
however the accolade never made it into production .
major erratum : for 0000-00 , the wheelbase of the lhs & new yorker -lrb- ' 00 - ' 00 -rrb- is identical to concorde , intrepid , & vision ; the lhs & n.y. for these years are 0 inches longer in body length due , strictly , to larger rear overhang , providing for a substantially larger trunk ; the roof is longer because of the jaguar-salon-like rear window , not by means of wheelbase enlargement ; there is no stretched wheelbase version ; there are stretched rear-overhang versions measuring 000 inches in body length in contrast to 000 in .
of the basic lh platform .
-lrb- 0 -rrb- field measurements on 00dec0000 of a 0000 lhs & a 0000 lhs , yielding 000.0 inches for wheelbase of each vehicle ; -lrb- 0 -rrb- second generation -lrb- 0000-0000 -rrb- .
the second generation lh cars used the 0.0 l dohc v0 and 0.0 l sohc v0 as well as an updated version of the older 0.0 , and a four-speed automatic transmission .
cars that used the second revision of the lh platform include : major erratum : for the 0nd generation lh-platform cars , all wheelbases remained 000.0 inches ; & the only major difference in body lengths was that the 000m was several inches shorter than concorde , intrepid , & lhs -- due , strictly , to reduced front overhang & rear overhang -lrb- shorter trunk -rrb- ; there are no stretched wheelbase versions .
source for erratum : one episode of robert reich 's 0000 pbs miniseries `` made in america '' focused on the then-yet-to-be-released lh 's development and its role in reversing chrysler 's flagging fortunes .
a camouflaged dodge intrepid is seen being put through the paces at chrysler 's test track , along with concept sketches and other behind-the-scenes activities .
`` dreams for sale '' is the second segment of the second episode of the television series `` the new twilight zone '' .
a woman -lrb- meg foster -rrb- finds that a relaxing outdoor picnic with her family is nothing more than an escapist fantasy being beamed directly into her brain .
on an idyllic outdoor picnic with her husband and their daughters , a woman becomes confused and disoriented when sounds and sights begin stuttering and events repeat themselves .
she awakens and discovers she is in a futuristic dream-making machine alongside hundreds of others in a sterile , industrial environment with no view of the outdoors .
a technician explains to her that she was in the dreamatron `` fully interactive dream '' machine , running a country picnic program .
he fixes the circuit board for her dream bay and tells her to relax and enjoy her last six minutes before returning to work .
still confused , she returns to her dream world and relaxes again in her fantasy , but the machine burns out and she dies before technicians can disconnect her , trapping her in the alternate reality forever .
all they can do is sadly note , `` at least she died happy . ''
back to : the new twilight zone , episode list , season 0 `` a little peace and quiet '' is the second segment of the first episode of the television series `` the new twilight zone '' .
penny , a housewife and mother of four , is awakened by her excessively loud clock radio .
she gets up and cooks breakfast .
her children fight and interrupt her , her husband complains about the mess in the closet , the phone rings but she ca n't hear the other person over the noise , and the washing machine acts up again .
later , penny works in her garden , while her neighbor removes tree limbs with a chainsaw .
as she digs , she discovers a wooden box containing a gold pendant in the shape of a sundial , which she takes inside and puts on .
at the grocery store , penny is harassed by her whining children and by annoying customers .
she drives home as her children fight .
while she tries to cook dinner , her children begin to pester her again , and her husband comes downstairs complaining about a rip in his shirt .
as the noise level becomes too much , she yells at them to shut up , and they freeze in time .
she is confused at first , but soon realizes that the pendant is an amulet that can stop time .
she tells her family to start talking , and time restarts .
she smiles as she realizes that she will finally have a little peace and quiet .
later that night , penny watches a news program about the recent peace talks between the united states and the soviet union .
she becomes annoyed and briefly freezes time , then expresses her happiness and goes to sleep .
the next day , penny uses her time-stopping power to enjoy a peaceful breakfast with her family , at the grocery store , and to avoid being pestered by two anti-nuclear weapons activists -- she drags their frozen bodies into the yard and lays them down , then restarts time , and the shocked activists decide to skip her house .
later that evening , penny enjoys a relaxing bath .
her husband listens to the radio , when suddenly air raid sirens go off .
the radio reveals that nuclear missiles are heading for the united states .
as her husband and son begin to weep , penny freezes time .
walking out into the street and looking up , she sees a soviet nuclear missile frozen over her city .
this episode is similar in theme to two episodes of the original series ; `` time enough at last '' which involves a man who seeks a refuge from life while reading when the world ends through a nuclear war , and `` a kind of stopwatch '' which involves a man who gains the power to stop time using a stopwatch .
this a list of engines available on chrysler models throughout the company 's history .
this list was adapted from allpar.com .
inline 0 cylinder - chrysler 's early flathead inline 0-cylinder 0.0 l engine used on cars such as airflows , desotos and imperials .
with side valves and aluminum pistons , this was a low-rpm engine that produced about 000hp .
chrysler 's small-block v0 engines all derive from the classic a engine : chrysler also inherited an engine from american motors -lrb- amc -rrb- : chrysler 's big-block v0s fall into the following families : the 000 cubic inch rb block was only available in 0000-0000 on the us built chrysler windsor and saratoga .
chrysler turbine engines - in the 0000s , chrysler experimented with gas turbine engines .
children 's zoo -lrb- the twilight zone -rrb- `` children 's zoo '' is the eight minute long second segment of the third episode of the television series `` the new twilight zone '' .
debbie is a little girl starved for attention .
her parents are always fighting ; her mother yells at her constantly , and her father is too lazy to give her any quality time .
one day , she receives an invitation which tells her : as bearer of this special invitation , you are entitled to one child 's admission to the children 's zoo .
you will be offered all the special privileges described by the other girl who passed this .
though her parents are reluctant , she convinces them to take her to the special zoo .
at the zoo , they are welcomed by the zookeeper , melanie , who shows debbie the children 's entrance , and guides her parents to the waiting room .
debbie wanders through a hallway , and hears a cheerful voice speak : `` to hear the parents talk , just press the orange button on the side of the window . ''
it soon becomes apparent that the purpose of the zoo is for children to leave their parents behind and choose new ones .
debbie is shown visiting four displays .
the first couple wildly begs her to take them with her ; the second is violent and make threats ; the third try to offer her cookies , cake , ice cream , and even a pony in exchange for a way out ; but the fourth reveals that their son was seven when he sent them into the zoo , and that they are very sorry .
they promise debbie that they have learned their lesson and will try to be better parents .
convinced , debbie presses a green button , making her selection .
melanie says that she has made an excellent choice and wishes the new family the best .
as the three walk away happily , they pass by debbie 's old parents -- now placed in a glass chamber themselves -- watching with a mixture of horror and anger as their -lrb- former -rrb- daughter goes off to a better life .
wes craven appears in a cameo .
he directed the premiere episode of this series , shatterday .
a gold frame is an attachment to a military decoration which is issued by most of the world 's militaries .
the gold frame is designed to enclose an award ribbon and is usually a means of distinguishing the ribbon 's special quality or denoting some additional achievement to the award 's basic criteria .
the gold frame is normally an automatic attachment to a ribbon decoration .
in certain cases , however , awards may be issued both with and without the gold frame depending upon the level of achievement .
such is the case in the united states air force which denotes the gold frame as a `` gold border '' .
the air force expeditionary service ribbon may be presented with a gold border when the decoration is presented for service in a designated combat zone .
the gold frame and gold border is a device for ribbon awards only , and there are no provisions for issuing the attachment for medals .
examination day is the first segment of the sixth episode of the television series `` the twilight zone '' .
dickie jordan is an intelligent and curious youth in the future .
it is dickie 's 00th birthday , which means he must report to a government testing facility as per law .
anxiously his parents try to figure out if their child will satisfy the requirements for passing the test .
however , this is no ordinary test and the outcome is anything but normal .
when dickie arrives at the testing facility , he is given a medicine which the examiner says will ensure he tells the truth .
dickie is then given a series of tests , and appears to be doing very well .
after his parents have anxiously awaited the test results at home for hours , they are contacted by the government -- dickie 's test results are in .
sadly , he has been judged as being too intelligent , exceeding the legal limit ; the government examiners ask the jordans how they would like dickie 's remains to be handled , and the parents burst into tears .
button , button -lrb- the twilight zone -rrb- `` button , button '' is an episode of the revival tv series `` the twilight zone '' .
the episode was based on a short story also titled `` button , button '' , written by richard matheson .
it was first aired on march 0 , 0000 along with the segment `` profile in silver '' -lrb- season 0 , episode 00 -rrb- .
norma lewis -lrb- mare winningham -rrb- is the wife of a down-and-out loser named arthur -lrb- brad davis -rrb- .
one day , a smartly-dressed stranger -lrb- basil hoffman -rrb- comes to their door and hands them a special box .
he says that if they press the button , they will receive a large sum of money - but someone elsewhere in the world will die ; someone they do n't even know .
after the stranger leaves , the lewises agonize over whether to press the button .
norma rationalizes saying they could make good use of the large sum of money , and that the one who dies might be some chinese peasant who is living a miserable life .
arthur takes the side that since she does not know who will die , her pressing the button may cause the death of an innocent baby .
they open it up , and find that there is no mechanism inside it - it 's simply an empty box with a button on it .
arthur angrily throws the box in the trash , yelling , `` this guy can find his money in the city dump ! ''
but eventually norma retrieves it .
the next day , arthur leaves for work and sees norma sitting at the kitchen table , her gaze transfixed on the button .
he returns from work and it appears that nothing has changed ; norma is still concentrating only on the button and sitting .
however , she tells arthur that while he was at work she pushed the button .
the next day the stranger returns , takes back the box and gives them the money .
the lewises ask him what will happen next .
the stranger ominously replies that the button will be ` reprogrammed ' and given to someone else - the last line being , `` it will be offered to someone you do not know . ''
in the original short story , the plot resolves differently .
norma presses the button , and receives the money - after her husband dies in a train incident where arthur is pushed onto the tracks -lrb- the money was the no-fault insurance settlement -rrb- .
a despondent norma asks the stranger why her husband was the one who was killed .
the stranger replies that norma never really knew her husband .
`` a message from charity '' is an episode from the television series `` the twilight zone '' .
peter wood is a teenager sick with fever .
his state puts him in a type of telepathy with charity payne , a puritan girl from the 0000 's , who has the same fever .
the two share thought-visions of their worlds , and charity has a chance to glimpse the future .
the relationship becomes one of true friendship until charity is discovered -lrb- when she tries to humble a know-it-all neighbor girl -rrb- , and is branded a witch for her knowledge of future events .
now her friend from the future must help her escape the clutches of her villagers and prove she is no witch or she will be tried and executed .
peter discovers historical facts that convince the squire that charity could reveal his hidden life -lrb- a dead body would later be discovered buried nearby , and squire hacker had been a suspect in the murder -rrb- in a trial , so he drops all charges and releases the girl .
after that , charity tells peter that they probably should not go on communicating as problems may arise again .
peter sadly agrees and they tell each other goodbye .
approximately one year later , peter , while attending college , receives one last telepathic call from charity .
she has left him a message at bear rock , a local landmark in nearby harmon brook , which has existed since before charity 's time .
peter runs to the brook and finds the message charity has left from the past .
chiseled into bear rock is a valentine-like heart with the initials `` pw + cp '' . ''
`` he reached out with his mind , searching for some trace of her ... but found only silence .
peter wood was alone ... '' '' '' `` a new year with new friends and a new confidence and , in time , he began to doubt whether it had ever really happened .
until , one day ... '' '' '' `` harmon brook is very different today .
its waters not quite as pure , its banks lined with tract homes and shopping centers , but bear rock is still there .
and so is a message , a message from a girl long gone , and yet , never really gone in heart and mind .
a last remembrance of friendship and first love .
a love that will live , only and always , in the twilight zone . '' ''
000 -lrb- pronounced '' `` seven-oh-two '' '' -rrb- , named after the area code of their hometown of las vegas , nevada , is an american platinum-selling female r&b trio .
originally a quartet , the group eventually became a trio , which includes sisters irish grinstead -lrb- born june 0 , 0000 -rrb- , lemisha ` misha ' grinstead -lrb- born june 00 , 0000 -rrb- , orish grinstead -lrb- also born june 0 , 0000 -rrb- , and lead singer kameelah ` meelah ' williams -lrb- born march 0 , 0000 -rrb- who left the group in 0000 to start her own solo career but returned in 0000 .
in nevada , sisters lemisha and irish grinstead , and their friend kameelah williams , were students at a las vegas school .
whenever a big boxing match was in town , the grinstead sisters would hang out in the lobby of caesar 's palace and show off their vocal skills for all who would listen in the hopes that someone in the music industry would pass by .
after many of these appearances , lemisha , irish , and her twin orish , were losing hope , until one day , actor/comedian sinbad , happened to walk by .
though not a music producer , he recognized how talented the grinsteads were and visited their home in order to convince their parents to send the trio to atlanta for a convention and music competition .
though the girls missed the deadline for entry , sinbad used his name to get them in .
`` sweeta than suga , '' as they were then called -lrb- sinbad suggested the name -rrb- , came in second in the competition .
as the convention was nearing a close , the sisters happened to see michael bivins -lrb- formerly of new edition and bell biv devoe -rrb- passing by and persuaded him to listen .
he later said that he thought he had found his own version of the supremes .
with the crowd that had gathered egging him on , bivins agreed to work with the talented girls .
after 000 made their recorded debut on subway 's hit single `` this lil ' game we play '' -lrb- originally , there were 0 members : sisters irish , lemisha , irish 's twin sister orish & their cousin amelia -rrb- , orish grinstead dropped out of the group and was replaced by lemisha and irish 's good friend kameelah williams , while bivins continued to work with different producers and songwriters to get the right feel for their first album .
the new group was christened `` 000 , '' which is las vegas ' area code .
their debut album , `` no doubt '' shot to # 0 on top heatseekers .
missy elliott co-wrote & produced 0 songs on the album including the smash hit single `` steelo '' and its remix .
the album included 0 singles : `` steelo '' , `` all i want '' , `` get it together '' , and `` no doubt '' .
`` steelo '' with altered lyrics was used as the theme song to the nickelodeon television show `` cousin skeeter '' & `` all i want '' was featured in the nickelodeon movie good burger .
`` get it together '' exploded by giving the group a # 0 r&b single and a # 00 pop single on the billboard charts .
the album garnered them a soul train lady of soul award for best r&b / soul album of the year - group , band or duo in 0000 .
it went gold for selling over 000,000 copies worldwide .
in addition to the album , 000 opened for new edition , keith sweat , and blackstreet during the 0000-00 new edition reunion tour .
they also appeared on elliott 's debut album supa dupa fly on her 0000 song `` beep me 000 '' which did n't make it onto the american charts but reached # 00 on the uk singles chart .
the girls also sang with busta rhymes ' new artist rampage .
`` my friend '' was featured on the soundtrack to `` men in black '' -lrb- 0000 -rrb- .
in 0000 000 made cameos in two teenager sitcoms sister , sister and moesha .
after going gold with their debut album , they released their self-titled second album , `` 000 '' .
the first single off of the album `` where my girls at ? ''
was written and produced by missy elliott and achieved a peak position of # 0 on the billboard hot 000 .
the single spent 00 months on the top 00 chart , became the song of the year , and gained them a 0000 soul train lady of soul award nomination for best r&b / soul single - group , band or duo .
the album reached # 0 of the top-ten on top r&b / hip-hop albums , earned a 0000 soul train lady of soul award nomination for best r&b / soul album of the year - group , band or duo , and sold more than 000,000 copies going gold .
000 , before releasing their second album , had also sang the national anthem for the wnba season opener .
on june 00th , 000 's lemisha gave birth to her son tony lyndon and left in order to take care of her son .
orish took her place during lemisha 's brief absence .
they had appeared in the 0000 abc-tv movie `` double platinum '' -lrb- along with brandy and diana ross -rrb- .
000 also signed a deal with the wilhelmina modeling agency .
two other singles from the album , `` you do n't know '' and `` got ta leave '' failed to make the billboard hot 000 , but made the billboard 's hot r&b / hip-hop singles & tracks .
`` got ta leave '' , guest-starring and produced by missy elliott also made the rhythmic top 00 .
once the hype for the second album died down , 000 took a hiatus from the spotlight .
kameelah williams decided to part from the group and go solo .
she briefly became the new protégé of faith evans and signed a deal to be managed by faith and her husband , todd russaw , under their pedigree mgi management .
kameelah sang backup and wrote 0 songs with necomer shamar woods for faith evans ' album , faithfully .
she also sang backup for missy elliott on her miss e. .
.
so addictive third single `` take away '' .
it was rumored she was going to replace kima from total , but her solo efforts never took off the way she wanted them to .
the grinstead sisters , the remaining members of 000 , decided to retake their place in the spotlight and enlisted cree lamore to replace meelah .
under the revamped 000 , they recorded the lead single `` pootie tangin '' for the chris rock movie , pootie tang .
in the video you can see irish and cree sharing lead vocals .
`` pootie tangin '' failed to make the singles charts but earned them a 0000 soul train lady of soul award nomination for best r&b / soul single - group , band or duo .
kameelah reunited with 000 once again to record their third album .
however , promotion for this album was poor and resulted in a flop .
after the less-than-successful album , the girls decided to go their separate ways .
irish made her movie acting debut in the 0000 flim `` the brewster project '' as `` alicia '' .
kameelah left the group again to follow her solo career irish and lemisha are still with the group , and nearly a decade later founding member orish grinstead -lrb- irish 's twin sister -rrb- re-joined the group .
the trio are keeping the name 000 .
soul train lady of soul awards the shadow man is an episode of the twilight zone , from its first revival season in 0000-0 .
danny hayes -lrb- jonathan ward -rrb- is a nerdy kid who is regularly picked on by a bully named eric -lrb- jason presson -rrb- .
that is , until the shadow man , a mysterious entity made of darkness , defends him in recompense for being allowed to stay under his bed , vowing `` i will never harm the person under whose bed i live . ''
many deaths then follow and a mysterious dark man is accused , causing everyone in town to fear the night .
danny , who knows who is behind the deaths , challenges eric to fight him ... at night .
eric is afraid , but as he is surrounded by friends , he accepts .
that night , he meets danny in the playground .
they are about to fight when the shadow man appears behind danny .
eric runs off and danny starts to give the shadow man his thanks for helping him out , but is interrupted as shadow man begins throttling him .
he does n't understand why , as the shadow man has already explained that he would not harm the person under whose bed he lives .
the shadow man then explains to danny that while this is true , he is the shadow man from underneath another kid 's bed .
nikola p. pašić -lrb- serbian cyrillic : никола п .
пашић , at the time also spelled pashitch or pachitch -rrb- , -lrb- december 00 , 0000 - december 00 , 0000 -rrb- was a serbian and yugoslav politician and diplomat , the most important serbian political figure for almost 00 years , leader of the people 's radical party who , among other posts , was twice a mayor of belgrade -lrb- 0000-00 and 0000 -rrb- several times prime minister of serbia -lrb- 0000-00 , 0000-00 , 0000-00 , 0000-00 , 0000-00 -rrb- and prime minister of the kingdom of the serbs , croats and slovenes -lrb- future yugoslavia , 0000 , 0000-00 , 0000-00 -rrb- .
he was an important politician in the balkans , who , together with his counterparts like eleftherios venizelos in greece or ionel brătianu in romania , managed to strengthen their small , still emerging national states against strong foreign influences , most notably those of austria-hungary , turkey and russia .
pašić was born in the eastern serbian town of zaječar , in the principality of serbia at the time .
just like almost any other important balkan figure , his ethnicity is disputed .
nikola pašić was born in a family of the ethnic cincar emigrants from bulgaria .
later , his mother re-married to a serbian baker who adopted him and gave him his future surname , pašić .
as his parents emigrated from bulgaria , still under direct rule of the ottoman empire to already autonomous serbia , bulgarian sources claim his nationality is bulgarian .
however , his side of the family remaining in bulgaria will prove to be a lifesaving in the future events .
he was a student of the zaječar gymnasium , but as the gymnasium was moved for political reasons through several other cities , he also studied in negotin and kragujevac .
in 0000 he became a student of the belgrade 's technical faculty and in 0000 , as an outstanding student , he 's granted the state scholarship and sent to the polytechnical school in zürich , switzerland for further specialization .
even though he graduated as an engineer , except for a year long pratice on the construction of the vienna-budapest railroad , he never worked in his own branch .
a colony of serbian students lived in switzerland where they became acquainted with the ideas of socialism .
they will become core of the future socialist and later radical movement in serbia , most notably svetozar marković , a father of the socialist ideas in serbia .
pašić befriended with marković , but also with pera todorović , pera velimirović , lazar paču , jovan žujović , mita rakić and others , some which will form the core of the future radical party .
after returning to serbia , pašić distanced himself from svetozar marković , though they never argued , and went to bosnia and herzegovina to support the anti-ottoman uprising of nevesinjska puška .
the socialist founded the `` samouprava '' -lrb- cyrillic : '' самоуправа '' ; `` homerule '' -rrb- which will later become the official bulletin of the radical party .
after marković died in 0000 , pašić became the leader of the movement and already in 0000 was elected a deputy in the national assembly of serbia , even before the party was formed .
in 0000 he made an unprecedented move in the serbian political life : he formed an opposition deputies club in the assembly .
finally , a party program was completed in january 0000 and the radical party , the first systematically organized serbian party , was officially established as a political party with pašić unanimously elected its first president .
the party and pašić became increasingly popular and on the next elections held in september 0000 out of the 000 places in the assembly , the radicals won 00 -lrb- 00 % -rrb- while the progressive party , a personal favorite of king milan obrenović iv got 00 -lrb- 00 % -rrb- .
despite that , pro-austrian king milan , who already disliked pro-russian pašić and the radical party , nominated old non-partisan hardliner nikola hristić to form a government .
by one decree hristić opened the assembly and then he read another one , closing it .
already heated atmosphere was further enhanced by the decision to take away guns from the population as the regular army instead of the people 's one was to be established .
as a result , clashes began in eastern serbia , in the valley of the timok .
king milan accused the radicals immediately and sent army which crushed the rebellion in blood .
as a result , pašić was senteced to death in absentia as he managed to go to bulgaria before he was arrested .
but 00 other people were sentenced to death and shot and another 000 were imprisoned .
for the remaining 0 years , nikola pašić lived with his relatives in bulgaria , supported by the bulgarian government .
this was used as a pretext -lrb- actually , one of them -rrb- for king milan to attack bulgaria and cause serbo-bulgarian war in 0000 which he lost .
after the defeat , he granted an amnesty for those sentenced for timok rebellion , but not for pašić , who remained in bulgarian exile until 0000 when king milan abdicated .
day after the abdication , the radicals formed their first government headed by sava grujić and four days later , the new government pardoned pašić .
president of assembly and mayor .
on october 00 , 0000 nikola pašić was elected president of the national assembly , a duty he would perform -lrb- de jure though , not de facto -rrb- until january 0 , 0000 .
he was also elected mayor of belgrade january 00 , 0000 - january 00 , 0000 .
his presiding over the assembly saw the largest number of laws being voted in the history of serbian parliamentarism , while as the mayor of belgrade he was responsible for cobbling the muddy city streets .
he was later elected two times more president of the national assembly june 00 , 0000 - april 0000 -lrb- though from september 0000 only in name , his deputy dimitrije katić acted for him -rrb- and july 00 , 0000 - june 00 , 0000 and once more mayor of belgrade january 00 , 0000 - november 00 , 0000 .
after wisely not accepting to head the government immediately after his return from exile , nikola pašić became prime minister for the first time on february 00 , 0000 .
however , ex-king milan returned to serbia in may 0000 and again began campaigning against pašić and the radicals .
on june 00 , 0000 , kosta protić , one of three regents during the minority of alexander obrenović v , died .
under the constitution , the national assembly was to elect a new regent , but as the assembly was on a several months vacation , pašić had to call for an emergency session .
jovan ristić , the most powerful regent , fearing pašić might be elected co-regent and thus undermine his position , refused to allow the extra session , and pašić resigned as prime minister on august 00 , 0000 .
during his tenure , he was also foreign minister from april 0 , 0000 and acting finance minister from november 0 , 0000 .
after king alexander declared himself of age before time and dismissed the regency , he offered a moderate radical lazar dokić to form a government .
though he managed to get approval from some members of the radical party to participate in the government , pašić refused .
in order to put him out of the political scene in serbia , alexander sent pašić as his extraordinary envoy to sankt peterburg , russia , 0000-0000 .
in 0000 king managed to force nikola pašić to back off from pushing the constitutional reforms .
however , as since 0000 both kings , milan and alexander , ruled almost jointly , as both disliked pašić , they got him arrested already in 0000 and sentenced him for 0 months because `` samouprava '' published his statement in which he said that `` in the past he was against king milan '' .
pašić claimed that is not what he said , but it was too late .
former fireman , đura knežević , who was sentenced to death , tried to assassinate ex-king milan in june 0000 -lrb- serbian : '' ивандањски атентат '' -rrb- .
the same evening , milan declared that radical party tried to kill him and all heads of the the radical party were arrested , including pašić who just came out of the prison from his previous sentence .
milan 's anti-radical attitude was to such an extent that even his major ally , austria-hungary , admitted that the radical party was not involved even though milan insisted that `` at least '' nikola pašić and kosta taušanović should be sentenced to death .
austria-hungary feared that killing pro-russian pašić would force russia to intervene and disregard internal austrian-russian accord from 0000 that serbia should be left in status-quo so a special envoy was sent from vienna to ex-king milan to tell him that austria will boycott the obrenović dynasty if pašić is executed .
major serbian historian , slobodan jovanović later claimed that the entire assassination was staged so that milan could get rid of the radical party .
not knowing that interference of the foreign powers already saved his life , pašić in prison admitted that radical party was disloyal to the dynasty , which probably saved many people from prison .
as the deal was reached with the interior minister đorđe genčić , government officially left its own role out of the statement , so it looked like pašić behaved cowardly and succumbed to the pressure which was a cause for the future problems in the radical party as the younger members considered him a coward and split from the party creating their own .
as part of the deal , pašić was sentenced to 0 years but released immediately .
for the rest of king alexander 's rule , nikola pašić retired from the politics .
even though disliked by the king , he was called often by the young monarch for consultations but he would just usually annoy him cause pašić was always coming to see the king , but saying that he 's out of politics , that he do n't know this or that and refused to return to the policial life .
golden age of democracy 0000-0000 .
nikola pašić was not among the conspirators who plotted to assassinate king alexander .
the assassination took place on june 00 , 0000 , and both king and queen draga mašin were killed , so as the current prime minister dimitrije cincar-marković and defence minister milovan pavlović .
the radical party did n't form the first government after this coup d'était , but already on october 0 , 0000 , after the elections , the radicals came to the power and with short breaks they will stay there for the next 00 years .
wisely , pašić did n't lead all the radical cabinets , letting other members of his party -lrb- or sometimes outside of it -rrb- to be prime ministers .
in the beginning , the radicals opposed the appointment of new king , peter i karađorđević , calling his appointment ilegal .
but pašić later changed his mind seeing how people willingly accepted the new monarch as well as king peter i , educated in western europe , was a democratic , mild ruler , unlike the last two despotic and erratic obrenović souvereigns .
as it will be shown in the next two decades , major clash between the king and the prime minister will be pašić 's refusal to raise to royal appanage .
nikola pašić became foreign minister on february 0 , 0000 in sava grujić 's cabinet and headed a government under his own presidency december 00 , 0000 - may 00 , 0000 , continuing as foreign minister as well .
in the next 00 years under the leadership of pašić and the radical party -lrb- especially lazar paču , finance minister -rrb- serbia grew into such a prosperous state that many historians call this period the `` modern golden age of serbia '' .
country evolved into a real european democracy and with financial and economic growth , the political influence also grew with caused constant problems with serbia 's largest neighbor , austria-hungary , which even developed plans to turn serbia into one of its provinces -lrb- already in 0000 german chancellor otto von bismarck said that serbia is the stumbling-block in austria 's development -rrb- .
as austro-hungarian latent provocations of serbia concerning serbs living in bosnia and herzegovina , officially still part of the ottoman empire but occupied by austria-hungary since 0000 and causing problems to serbian export which mainly went through austria -lrb- as serbia is landlocked -rrb- did n't bring results , austria-hungary began open customs war in 0000 .
pašić formed another cabinet april 00 , 0000 - july 00 , 0000 .
pressured by the austrian government which asked from serbia to buy everything from austrian companies , from salt to cannons , he replied to austrian government that he personally would do that , but that assembly is against it and in democratic countries that 's what counts .
austria closed the borders which did cause severe blow to serbian economy initially , but later it will bounce back even more developed than it was , thanks to the pašić swift change towards the western european countries .
he forced conspirators of the 0000 coup into retirement which was a condition for reestablishing diplomatic connections with the united kingdom , he bought cannons from france , etc. .
in the midst of the customs war , austria-hungary officially annexed bosnia and herzegovina in 0000 which caused mass protests in serbia and political instability , but pašić managed to calm the situation down .
in this period , pašić 's major ally , imperial russia , was not much of a help being defeated by japan in russo-japanese war and under series of revolutions .
pašić formed two more cabinets -lrb- october 00 , 0000 - july 0 , 0000 and from september 00 , 0000 -rrb- .
he was one of the major players in the forming of the balkan league which later resulted in the first balkan war -lrb- 0000-00 -rrb- and the second balkan war -lrb- 0000 -rrb- which almost doubled the size of serbia with the territories of `` old serbia '' -lrb- kosovo , metohija , vardar macedonia -rrb- retaken from the ottomans after five centuries .
he clashed with some military structures about the handling of the newly acquired territories .
pašić believed the area should be included into the serbian political and administrative system through the democratic elections , while the army sought to keep the areas under the military occupation .
after one year of tensions pašić dismissed the military administrator of old serbia and scheduled new elections for 0000 but the outbreak of world war i prevented it .
after the assassination in sarajevo on june 00 , 0000 when members of the serbian revolutionary organization young bosnia assassinated the austro-hungarian heir-apparent archduke franz ferdinand , austrian government immediately accused serbian government of being behind the assassination .
the general consensus today is that government did not organize it , but the opinions on how much pašić knew about it is still a controversial issue and it appears that every historian has its own opinion on the subject : pašić knew nothing -lrb- ćorović -rrb- ; pašić knew `` something '' is about to happen and told russia austria would attack serbia before the assassination -lrb- dragnić -rrb- ; pašić knew but as the assassins were connected to the powerful members of the serbian intelligence was afraid to do anything about it personally so he warned vienna -lrb- balfour -rrb- .
austria presented him the july ultimatum , written together with the envoys of the german ambassadors in such a vein that no country could accept it .
after extensive consultations in country itself and formidable pressure from outside to accept it , pašić told the austrian ambassador giesl -lrb- who already packed his bags -rrb- that serbia accepts all the ultimatum demands except that austrian police can independently travel throughout serbia and `` conduct '' its own investigation .
using the assassination and serbian refusal as a pretext , austria-hungary declared war on serbia on july 00 , 0000 which was a beginning of the world war i. glory , defeat and the south slav state .
serbian defeat was considered to be imminent compared to the strength of the austria-hungary .
howvever , after a series of battles 0000-0000 -lrb- battle of cer , battle of kolubara -rrb- , loss and recapture of belgrade , serbian counter-offensive with occupation of some austrian territories -lrb- in syrmia and eastern bosnia -rrb- , austrian army backed off .
on july 0 , 0000 things changed as old king peter i relinquished his duties to the heir apparent alexander , making him his regent .
unlike peter , alexander was not a democratic spirit rather a dictatorial one and personally disliked pašić and all his talks about democracy .
open strife began very soon , when serbia was proposed the london pact by which it was suppose to expand to the most of the ethnic serbian territories to the west , including a section of the adriatic coast and some ethnic albanian territories in northern albania .
in return , serbia was suppose to relinquish part of vardar macedonia , which was ethnically bulgarian , to bulgaria so that the latter would enter the war on the entente side .
both pašić and regent alexander were against this as they considered it to be the betrayal of the croatians , slovenians and serbian sacrifices in the balkan wars , as negotiations for the future south slav state already began .
however , pašić and king peter were not personally much for the yugoslav idea unlike regent who pushed the issue for creating as larger state as possible .
serbia refused the pact and was attacked by austria-hungary , germany and bulgaria .
government and army retreated to the south in the direction of greece , but was cut off by bulgarian forces and had to go through albania and to the greek island of corfu where corfu declaration was signed in 0000 preparing the ground for the future south slave state of yugoslavia .
kingdom of the serbs , croats and slovenes was officially proclaimed on december 0 , 0000 and being prime minister of serbia at that time , pašić was generally considered de facto prime minister of the new south slav state too .
the political agreement was reached that pašić will continue as the prime minister when the first government of the new state was to be formed , but as a result of his longtime dislike of pašić , regent alexander nominated stojan protić to form the government so pašić stepped down on december 00 , 0000 .
despite being removed from the government , as the most experienced of all politicians , nikola pašić was the main negotiator for the new state on the paris peace conference of 0000 .
in effort to secure maximalist agenda of the regent he did n't push much question of the czech corridor , timişoara and szeged , managed to secure borders with albania and bulgaria , but failed to annex fiume -lrb- became independent state -rrb- and most of carinthia -lrb- remained part of austria -rrb- .
elections held on november 00 , 0000 showed that the radical party was the second strongest in the country , having just one seat less than the yugoslav democratic party -lrb- 00 to 00 , respectively , out of 000 seats -rrb- .
but pašić managed to form a coalition and became prime minister again on january 0 , 0000 as soon as talks about the constitution of the new state began , two diametrically opposite sides , serbian and croatian , were establish .
both pašić and regent alexander wanted unitary state but from different reasons .
pašić considered that serbs could be outvoted in such state and that unconsolidated and heterogeneous entity will fall apart if it would be a federal one , while regent simply did n't like to share power with others which showed 0 years later when he conducted coup d'état .
stjepan radić , leading croatian politician who did n't hide his agenda that joint serbian-croatian state is just a temporary solution on a way for croatian full independence , asked for a federal republic .
as pašić had majority in the assembly , new constitution was proclaimed on vidovdan -lrb- st.vitus day -rrb- , june 00 , 0000 organizing kingdom of the serbs , croats and slovenes as parliamentary albeit highly unitary monarchy , abolishing even the remaining shreds of autonomy which had slovenia , croatia , dalmatia , montenegro , bosnia and herzegovina and vojvodina -lrb- provincial governments , etc -rrb- .
in the early 0000 's the yugoslav government of prime minister nikola pasic used police pressure over voters and ethnic minorities , confiscation of opposition pamphlets and other measures of election rigging to keep the opposition , mainly the autonomy-minded croatians , in minority in yugoslav parliament .
pasic believed that yugoslavia should be as centralized as possible , creating in place of distinct regional governments and identities a greater serbian national concept of concentrated power in the hands of belgrade .
pašić remained prime minister until april 0 , 0000 , with a short break 00 july , 0000 - november 0 , 0000 when the government was headed by ljuba davidović .
after relinquishing temporarily the post to his party colleague nikola uzunović , now a king , alexander refused to reappoint pašić using as a pretext scandals of pašić 's son rade .
day after this , on december 00 , 0000 , nikola pašić suffered a heart attack and died in belgrade .
he was buried on belgrade 's new cemetery .
pašić was widely criticized by the communists as he prevented them from participating in the political life after the 0000 elections and the series of terrorist attacks by the communists on government officials , and banned the communist party officially proclaiming it a criminal organization on august 00 , 0000 .
in the early 0000 's he was accused of using police pressure over voters and ethnic minorities , confiscation of opposition pamphlets and other measures of election rigging to keep the opposition , mainly the separatist stjepan radić , in minority in yugoslav parliament .
after 0000 he was condemned by the new communist authorities and was labeled a leader of the `` great serbian hegemony '' , while his accomplishments in building modern serbia were completely pushed aside .
the same rhetoric is still used by the croatian critics .
pašić is heavily attacked because of the unitary composition of the kingdom of yugoslavia and his opinion that serbs , being the majority in the state , should always have the leading role -lrb- except for slovenian anton korošec 0000-00 , all prime ministers 0000-00 were serbs -rrb- .
being against the joint south slave state from the beginning , he was accused of pushing the greater serbian agenda , national concept of concentrated power in the hands of belgrade .
.
croatian communist theoretician otokar keršovani coined a phrase about pašić : `` his name will remain in history more because it is connected to historical events , rather than the historical events being connected to his name '' , which was widely used and cited during the communist regime from 0000 to 0000 .
he was also criticized from serbian side .
his former party colleague pera todorović wrote that pašić was clumsy and indecisive .
historian vladimir ćorović openly wrote that pašić had not a shred of courage , while swiss doctor and serbian benefactor archibald reiss criticized his weakness towards his scheming son rade .
nikola pašić married đurđina duković , daughter of a wealthy serbian grains trader from trieste , italy .
they were married in the russian church in florence to avoid the gathering of the numerous serbian colony in trieste and had three children : son radomir-rade and daughters dara and pava .
rade , a playboy and participant in many corruption affairs , was a constant embarrassment for pašić .
he had two sons , vladislav , an architect -lrb- died in 0000 in geneva , switzerland -rrb- and nikola ii , an oxford law graduate -lrb- born in 0000 -rrb- who resides in toronto , canada where he has founded a serbian national academy .
often accused for marrying into money , when he died , archibald reiss wrote : `` look , son of the plain and poor peasants left one of the largest wealth in the country ... you will say that his wife brought him nice dowry .
but what is that dowry compared to what he has left when he died ?
a crumb and nothing more '' .
known for his sense of humor , pašić is the subject of numerous anecdotes .
many of them appear to be constructed and not fully factual .
some are even attached to him despite it being known that someone else told them -lrb- like ilija garašanin 's remark on eugene gladstone -rrb- , after revision of his historical role in the late 0000s , they became widely published .
due to his accent , stutter and specific and frequent use of saying `` ovaj '' , they do n't translate well into english : he was nicknamed `` baja '' -lrb- as in baya -rrb- .
one of the central squares in belgrade is named after him , square of nikola pašić -lrb- serbian : '' трг николе пашића '' -rrb- .
during communist regime , the square was named after karl marx and friedrich engels .
the 0.0 meter tall bronze statue of pašić is erected on the square , overlooking the building of the assembly .
he said once : `` serbs are a small nation , but a bigger one between constantinople and vienna we do n't have '' .
i of newton is a 0000 short story by joe haldeman which first appeared in `` fantastic stories '' magazine .
it was later adapted as an episode of `` the new twilight zone '' .
a professor named max -lrb- played on tv by sherman hemsley -rrb- , trying to figure out a difficult math problem , angrily yells out , `` i 'd sell my soul to get this thing right ! ''
instantly , the -lrb- or possibly `` a '' -rrb- devil appears -lrb- ron glass -rrb- .
the devil announces that max 's math problem `` was the phonetic equivalent of a demonic invocation '' , and plots to steal his soul , which are sold to bidders from other worlds .
there is a catch , though-max is allowed to ask three questions in regard to the devil 's powers , and then pose either a question or a task ; if the devil can not answer said question or perform said task , max 's soul is spared .
max asks , `` really ? ''
, which the devil counts as a question - `` hey , evil .
unfair . ''
max 's next question is more carefully planned .
he asks if there are any physical limitations to the devil 's powers ; the demon gleefully replies in the negative , claiming that he is able to travel faster than the speed of light or make two electrons occupy the same quantum state .
the third question `` forms a corollary to the second '' - max queries if there is any place the devil can not find his way back from .
the devil , with malicious joy , informs max that he can move through galaxies in a microsecond , and even go to places that `` do n't '' exist , such as `` berlin if the nazis had won the war '' , or to rome had alexander the great not died .
the devil , confident of his victory , demands that max pose his final question or task .
max , armed with his new knowledge , provides the perfect command : `` get lost . ''
defeated , the devil screams and melts away , leaving only his sunglasses .
max picks them up and throws them away , turning back to his problem with a rueful smile on his face , noting out loud , `` he did n't even help me solve the problem . ''
in the tv version the devil 's t-shirt displays a different slogan in each shot .
the elves and the shoemaker , or conversely the shoemaker and the elves is an often copied and remade story about a poor shoemaker who receives help from brownies .
the original story is the first of three fairy tales , contained as entry 00 in the german grimm 's fairy tales under the common title `` die wichtelmänner '' .
in her translation of 0000 margaret hunt chose the elves as title for these three stories .
the theme is a well-known one throughout european folklore .
there are many warning stories about what should happen if the recipient of faerie help should offer clothes to his or her benefactor .
according to the tales , pixies and faeries alike consider clothing to be a form of bondage , and see any kind offers or new clothes as a way to enslave the faerie .
a small talent for war is an episode of the television series '' -lsb- new twilight zone | the twilight zone -rsb- '' .
john glover plays the role of an emissary from an alien race that claims to have genetically engineered humanity .
he directly challenges the united nations to prove humanity 's worth , displeased over their `` small talent for war '' .
with the survival of humanity at stake , the un hurriedly establishes an accord for lasting global peace and presents it to the emissary .
however , the emissary was in fact seeking a `` greater '' talent for war , as the aliens routinely breed warriors to fight for them across the galaxy .
humanity 's `` small talent '' for war -lrb- crude weapons , petty bickering over borders -rrb- is not significant enough to be of any use to them , and worst of all , the ultimate goal of humanity is peace .
as the ambassador calls down a fleet of spaceships to destroy the earth , he praises the humans for their `` delightful sense of the absurd '' , and his parting comment repeats the dying words attributed to several english-language actors : `` dying is easy , comedy is hard '' .
uniform anatomical gift act -lrb- u.s. -rrb- richard sheepshanks -lrb- july 00 , 0000 -- august 0 , 0000 -rrb- was a british astronomer .
he graduated from trinity college of cambridge university in 0000 .
he was called to the bar in 0000 and took orders in church of england in 0000 , but did not practice either profession because the death of his father , a textile manufacturer , left him with sufficient wealth to pursue his scientific interests .
he served as editor of `` monthly notices of the royal astronomical society '' and greatly improved their content .
in 0000 , he got involved in the lawsuit of edward troughton against sir james south , in which troughton demanded payment for an equatorial mounting that he had supplied to south , but which south claimed to be defective .
sheepshanks informally served as legal counsel to troughton ; south 's legal counsel was drinkwater bethune .
troughton prevailed in the lawsuit .
in 0000 , he recommended withholding publication of an early edition of stephen groombridge 's star catalogue , which was being published posthumously , after discovering the edition contained errors .
a final corrected edition was later published in 0000 under the auspices of george biddell airy .
in his later career he worked on establishing a standard of length for imperial measures .
he was deeply skeptical of the work of charles babbage and of his ability to deliver a working difference engine or analytical engine .
the two men publicly attacked each other .
he suffered a stroke -lrb- `` apoplexy '' -rrb- on july 00 0000 and he died on august 0 .
there is a memorial notice at st. john 's church , bilton in harrogate however he is buried at trinity college .
after his death , richard 's sister anne sheepshanks -lrb- 0000 -- 0000 -rrb- contributed a legacy to the observatory at cambridge .
this fund was used to purchase a modern photographic telescope at the observatory , which was named in her honor .
the sheepshanks crater on the moon is also named after her , one of the few lunar craters with a female eponym .
a matter of minutes is an episode from the television series the twilight zone .
a young married couple wake up one day to the sounds of construction .
when they get a good look at the world around them , they find everything has stopped .
apparently they have discovered a rip in the fabric of time .
a crew of blue-clad construction workers are busy removing their furniture and replacing it with new .
the wrights run outside to find things being rebuilt that have already existed .
the workers set up a crash , and distribute litter in the streets .
confused , the couple run in the direction of voice barking out orders to the workers .
they discover a man in yellow , who explains to them he is the supervisor of the maintenance of time .
they have somehow slipped into a loophole of time .
showing them exactly how time is maintained , he reveals to them a new understanding of how the universe works : every minute in history is essentially a separate world , which must be built , maintained , and torn down once the world finishes with it .
the supervisor informs them they can not return .
they flee from the foreman and his crew , and try to find a way to slip back to their own time .
they hide in front of a magazine stand waiting until their time , 00:00 , rolls around and catches up with them .
back in their own time , we see they have brought with them an interesting `` blue '' souvenir as proof of their experience . ''
`` time , a handy fiction to explain why everything does n't happen all at once .
or maybe we 're the fiction , moving minute by minute -- through the twilight zone . '' ''
this episode is based on the short story `` yesterday was monday '' , by theodore sturgeon , the story was first published in `` unknown '' -lrb- june , 0000 -rrb- .
this episode is also similar in concept to the stephen king novella the langoliers .
uniform commercial code -lrb- u.s. -rrb- the term neo-confederate describes a political and/or cultural movement based mainly in the u.s. southern states that is characterized by a celebration of the history of the confederate states of america -lrb- csa -rrb- and support for the csa 's aims .
neo-confederate issues may include states rights , such as nullification -lrb- in which state laws override federal laws -rrb- , and a pro-confederate view of history , particularly regarding the american civil war and the role of slavery in that war .
some groups in the movement support full future secession , while others focus on preserving their image of southern heritage .
the term `` neo-confederate '' is considered by many people a pejorative political epithet and its application to specific groups and individuals has caused controversy .
a group that is frequently labeled as being `` neo-confederate '' is the league of the south -lrb- ls -rrb- , which does advocate future secession .
it declares that it seeks the `` well-being and independence of the southern people . ''
a number of small political parties also call for secession , including the southern party and its offshoot , the southern independence party .
use of `` neo-confederate '' as political epithet .
the term neo-confederate was used in a scholarly fashion as far back as 0000 .
in a book review , leonard levy , winner of the pulitzer prize for history in 0000 , wrote , `` similar blindness to the moral issue of slavery , plus a resentment against the rise of the negro and modern industrialism , resulted in the neo-confederate interpretation of phillips , ramsdell and owsley . ''
the term `` neo-confederate '' is often employed as a pejorative description of people who take a sympathetic view of southern history -lrb- particularly in connection with the american civil war and slavery -rrb- and views on the civil war that are not in line with mainstream historical perspectives .
it is also used sometimes to criticize people who echo the copperhead attacks against abraham lincoln and the emancipation proclamation .
in 0000 , during a radio interview , the civil war historian james m. mcpherson offended many southern heritage organizations when he associated the udc with the neo-confederate movement and described board members of the museum of the confederacy in richmond , virginia as `` undoubtedly neo-confederate . ''
he further said that the udc and the scv have `` white supremacy '' as their `` thinly veiled agendas . ''
the incident outraged members of the udc and the scv , who accused mcpherson of unfairly attacking them .
some scv and udc chapters subsequently urged their members to boycott his books and engaged in letter-writing campaigns .
origins and doctrines of neo-confederate civil war history .
when asked about purported `` neo-confederate revisionism '' and the people behind it , arizona state university professor and civil war historian brooks d. simpson said that : mcpherson has written on the origins of the udc and states that `` a principal motive of the udc 's founding was to counter this ` false history ' which taught southern children ` that their fathers were not only rebels but guilty of almost every crime enumerated in the decalogue . ''
much of what the udc termed as `` false history '' centered on the role of slavery with secession and the war .
the chaplain of the united confederate veterans , forerunner of the scv , wrote in 0000 that history books as written could lead southern children to `` think that we fought for slavery '' and would `` fasten upon the south the stigma of slavery and that we fought for it ... the southern soldier will go down in history dishonored . ''
referring to a 0000 call by the scv to restore `` the purity of our history '' , mcpherson notes that the `` quest for purity remains vital today , as any historian working in the field can testify . ''
in the 0000 's mildred rutherford , the historian general of the udc , spearheaded the attack on schoolbooks that did not present the lost cause version of history .
rutherford assembled a `` massive collection of the racist underworld of the lost cause '' which included `` essay contests on the glory of the ku klux klan and personal tributes to faithful slaves . ''
historian david blight concluded , `` all udc members and leaders were not as virulently racist as rutherford , but all , in the name of a reconciled nation , participated in an enterprise that deeply influenced the white supremacist vision of civil war memory . ''
the core beliefs associated with neo-confederates are wrapped up in the mythology of the lost cause .
historian alan nolan refers to the lost cause as `` a rationalization , a cover-up '' .
after describing the devastation that were the consequences of the war for the south , nolan states : nolan further states the racial basis of lost cause mythology : the scv on its main website , still speaks of `` ensuring that a true history of the 0000-0000 period is preserved '' and claiming that `` he preservation of liberty and freedom was the motivating factor in the south 's decision to fight the second american revolution . ''
historian david goldfield observes : controversy in identifying neo-confederate groups .
the southern poverty law center -lrb- splc -rrb- , a private organization headed by morris dees , is the principal group reporting on the `` neo-confederate movement . ''
a special report by the splc 's mark potok in their magazine , `` intelligence report '' , described a number of groups as `` neo-confederate '' in 0000 .
-lrb- see '' #neo - confederate groups '' -rrb- .
the splc has carried subsequent articles on the neo-confederate movement .
`` lincoln reconstructed , '' published in 0000 in the `` intelligence report '' , focuses on the resurgent demonization of abraham lincoln in the south .
the article quotes the chaplain of the scv as giving an invocation which recalled `` the last real christian civilization on earth . ''
the article further mentions that the lewrockwell.com website hosts a collection of anti-lincoln articles , which led marcus epstein of the von mises institute to compare the splc 's tactics to mccarthyism .
`` whitewashing the confederacy '' was a review that alleged that the movie `` gods and generals '' presented a false , pro-confederate view of history .
myles kantor of the conservative `` frontpage magazine '' described the review as a `` web of falsehood . ''
an article in the liberal institute for southern studies ' magazine `` southern exposure '' uses the `` neo-confederate '' label for the league of the south , the council of conservative citizens -lrb- cofcc -rrb- , the udc , the scv , and the museum of the confederacy .
the evangelical christian organization liberty advocate has applied the `` neo-confederate '' label to various pro-southern groups , basing this characterization on various biblical interpretations and prophecies .
the group claims that `` neo-confederates '' are `` rooted in the occult '' and identifies them as the anti-christ .
karen pansler , a member of the organization , asserts that adduced `` neo-confederate '' veneration for civil war generals is a continuation of celtic worship of pagan `` warrior-gods '' transposed into modern times .
liberty advocate also states that historical civil war reenactor groups are used to promote `` neo-confederate '' goals .
comparing them to the hitler youth , pansler describes historical reenactors as part of a `` covert conspiracy to recruit our children to their evil cause . ''
not everyone avoids the term .
al benson jr. , head of the former southern independence party declares , `` i am part of what morris dees calls the ` neo-confederate movement ' '' .
list of alleged neo-confederates .
the following groups have been labelled `` neo-confederate '' or `` pro-confederate '' by one or more organizations or persons as designated in parenthesis .
abbreviations key : splc = southern poverty law center `` hate group '' watchlist ; ir = 0000 `` intelligence report '' feature by the splc 's mark potok ; s = ed sebesta ; m = james mcpherson ; la = liberty advocate various splc publications and sebesta have also accused several well known american scholars , political commentators , and political figures of having connections to or supporting `` neo-confederate '' causes or groups .
the following are among those accused .
abbreviations key : ir = splc `` intelligence report '' magazine ; s = ed sebesta zyzzyva -lrb- -rrb- is a triquarterly journal of west coast writers and artists .
based in , it has been publishing since 0000 and is edited by howard junker .
`` zyzzyva '' 's slogan is `` the last word , '' referring to `` zyzzyva , '' the last word in the american heritage dictionary .
a zyzzyva is an american weevil .
the accent is on the first syllable .
quarantine -lrb- the twilight zone -rrb- `` quarantine '' is an episode of the television series the twilight zone tv series . ''
`` in his mind he starts to hear a song , a song of alien thoughts begin without voice , welcoming him .
matthew forman , once a sleeper standing outside time has found his place at last .
a voyager touching the furthest shores of the twilight zone . '' ''
matthew forman is an sdi weapons designer who is reanimated into an unknown future after being cryogenically frozen for an incurable illness for three centuries .
he is greeted by sarah , a telepathic woman of the future who not only performs psychic surgery on him to cure his disease , but introduces him to the agrarian post apocalypse community she lives in .
a community with every need met through genetic engineering , psionics , and super science in harmony with nature , but also with a deadly secret .
the community is threatened by the instigators of the war that are returning to earth in an advanced relativistic spacecraft .
the commune can not defend themselves , as violence and murder is not in their nature .
they must trick the unfrozen arrival into destroying them with the last remaining weapon of the apocalypse : a particle beam satellite , or face what will be a clash of cultures once they arrive on earth . ''
`` in his mind he starts to hear a song , a song of alien thoughts begin without voice , welcoming him .
matthew forman , once a sleeper standing outside time has found his place at last .
a voyager touching the furthest shores of the twilight zone . '' ''
william thomas -lrb- c. 0000 -- 00 december 0000 -rrb- was an architect in england and canada .
he began his own practice at leamington spa in 0000 but suffered bankruptcy in 0000 and emigrated with his wife and 00 children to toronto , ontario , canada in 0000 .
it was in toronto that his career as an architect flourished .
he was also city engineer in toronto and across canada .
two of his sons , william tutin thomas and cyrus pole thomas , also became architects .
buildings designed by thomas include : st. paul 's cathedral -lrb- london , ontario -rrb- st. paul 's cathedral in london , ontario , canada is the seat of the diocese of huron of the anglican church of canada .
it was designed in the gothic revival style by william thomas and built between 0000 and 0000 , replacing the previous church , which was built in 0000 and burned down in 0000 .
it is the oldest church in the city .
the system has failed is the tenth studio album released by american thrash metal band megadeth , and the first album to be released after the break-up of the band in 0000 .
it was released on september 00 , 0000 .
the `` system '' referred to in the album 's title is `` the american system and western civilization '' which in mustaine 's opinion dictates what the world follows .
mustaine cites examples of such failure in america 's educational system , which underpays its teachers , and its court system , which allows criminals to escape punishment .
originally intended to be a solo album by its author dave mustaine , the record was re-branded with the megadeth name as a result of contractual obligations owed to mustaine 's record company emi -lrb- mustaine also admitted that , after listening to and playing the songs multiple times , he claimed `` they were megadeth songs , not solo songs '' -rrb- .
in an effort to avoid the financial cost and interpersonal conflicts associated with re-assembling the band 's original line-up , mustaine hired session musicians vinnie colaiuta -lrb- drums -rrb- and jimmy sloas -lrb- bass -rrb- to perform on the record .
in a surprising move , mustaine also hired former megadeth guitarist chris poland to perform guitar solos on a number of tracks .
mustaine co-produced the record with jeff balding , who had previously engineered `` cryptic writings '' and `` risk '' .
the cover art by mike learn features vic rattlehead at a podium in front of the united states supreme court building selling a not-guilty verdict to george w. bush .
saluting is hillary clinton , next to bill clinton .
behind bush in line is dick cheney holding a briefcase labeled `` plan b '' .
behind him is condoleezza rice and others .
all songs written by dave mustaine , except where is noted .
operation eagle fury was a military operation led by the united states in afghanistan involving a brigade of us army special forces , elite members of the 00nd airborne division , and loyal afghani fighters during 0000 .
the aim of the operation was to corner taliban fighters and leaders in the bahgran valley , located in helmand province , in the mountains of south-east afghanistan .
as part of this operation , in mid-february of 0000 , the 00nd conducted the first airdrop of fuel to support operation enduring freedom .
they dropped 00,000 gallons of fuel , almost certainly the first combat fuel drop since the vietnam war .
passamaquoddy bay is an inlet of the bay of fundy , between the u.s. state of maine and the canadian province of new brunswick , at the mouth of the st. croix river .
most of the bay lies within canada , with its western shore bounded by washington county , maine .
the southernmost point is formed by west quoddy head on the u.s. mainland in lubec , maine ; and is then bounded northeastwardly by campobello island , new brunswick and deer island , new brunswick ; thence , running to shores by mainland charlotte county , new brunswick .
the southern boundaries of the bay are sometimes confused , since deer island sections off the large open waters of the bay ; however , the terminology of the passamaquoddy bay treaty of 0000 specifies that passamaquoddy bay runs south of treat island -lrb- one of the islands that now comprise the city of eastport , maine -rrb- , between campobello island and lubec , maine ... `` now , therefore , upon the evidence and arguments so presented , and after taking into consideration all actions , of the respective governments and of their representatives authorized in that behalf and of the local governments on either side of the line , whether prior or subsequent to such treaties and award , tending to aid in the interpretation thereof , the high contracting parties hereby agree that the location of the international boundary line between the united states and the dominion of canada from a point in passamaquoddy bay accurately defined in the treaty between great britain and the united state 's of april 00 , 0000 , as , lying between treat island and friar head , and extending thence through passamaquoddy bay and to , the middle of grand manan channel , shall run in a series of seven connected straight lines for the distances and in the directions as follows ... '' the largest community on passamaquoddy bay proper is st. andrews , new brunswick , although the twin communities of calais-st .
stephen are sometimes included , despite being located on the st. croix river .
the city of eastport , maine lies between passamaquoddy bay and cobscook bay , to the city 's west .
the narrow passage between maine and deer island are known as `` western passage . ''
the passage between eastport , maine , and friar bay , campobello island , is known as `` friar roads . ''
the three entrances into passamaquoddy bay from the bay of fundy are `` letete passage '' northeast of deer island , `` head harbour passage '' to the southeast of deer island and northwest of campobello island , and `` quoddy narrows , '' between southern lubec , maine , and southern campobello island .
running north from west quoddy head in lubec , the passages known as `` quoddy narrows , lubec channel , lubec narrows , friar roads , '' and `` western passage '' also host the international boundary between canada and the united states .
the head harbour passage is the deepwater entry to the bay .
the u.s. and canadian governments agree that the passage is canadian .
the u.s. government believes that it is a territorial sea in which international law gives commercial vessels a right of passage .
the canadian government believes that it can regulate passage , and is considering doing so to prevent the use by supertankers carrying cargo to liquified natural gas plants proposed for the american coast of the bay .
after the american revolution , passamaquoddy bay was the scene of a thriving smuggling trade .
smuggling peaked in 0000 during jefferson 's embargo , during which smugglers illegally moved tens of thousands of barrels of american flour from american territory into new brunswick .
during the war of 0000 , a thriving illicit trade in british manufactured goods existed .
after the war of 0000 , the primary smuggled good was gypsum from nova scotia , which was usually deposited directly into american vessels on or near the border .
smuggling was winked at by both officials and locals in the region , who discouraged outside intervention by british or american authorities who wanted to stop or control it .
the passamaquoddy tidal power project / `` quoddy dam '' project .
a proposed development project for eastern maine , envisioned by hydroelectric engineer dexter cooper , involving the construction of a tidal harness for electricity generation was initiated in 0000 under u.s. public works administration funding and with the blessing of president franklin delano roosevelt , whose summer home was on nearby campobello island , new brunswick , canada .
also known as the `` quoddy project , '' it proposed impounding cobscook bay and part of passamaquoddy bay with a series of dams and control structures to exploit the resulting water level difference to generate electrical power .
the electric turbines for power generation would have been located at the isthmus on moose island , eastport , with the water passing between passamaquoddy bay and cobscook bay , with the `` used '' generating water released from impoundment at low tide .
part of this project was completed by the construction of dikes built between pleasant point-carlow island-moose island .
the project was suspended one year later after the united states congress refused further funding , thus the actual barrier dams never being built .
the dike barriers now underlie the former maine central railroad and the current maine highway 000 , as well as between treat island -lrb- in eastport -rrb- and dudley island -lrb- in lubec , maine -rrb- .
several iterations and variations on the project later ensued , but never began construction .
joshua m. smith , `` borderland smuggling : patriots , loyalists and illicit trade in the northeast , 0000-0000 '' gainesville , university press of florida , 0000 .
`` profile in silver '' is an episode of `` the twilight zone '' , part of the mid-0000 's revival of the television show .
it first aired on march 0 , 0000 , in a program that also included the segment , `` button , button '' .
lane smith plays dr. joseph fitzgerald , a harvard university professor of history from the year 0000 .
he has travelled back in time and assumed the identity of an instructor at harvard in 0000 .
when he is visited by a colleague from his own time , we learn that his mission is to observe the assassination of john f. kennedy , from whom he is -lrb- perhaps collaterally -rrb- descended .
fitzgerald is understandably nervous about watching his own ancestor be murdered , especially since he never got to know the man himself .
a colleague , also arriving from the future , reassures him that every field historian has moments of doubt such as this , then departs for their home time while saying something that fitzgerald does n't quite catch .
he decides to get it over with and journeys to dealey plaza in dallas .
however , when he glances up to the texas school book depository and sees lee harvey oswald raise a gun to kill kennedy , fitzgerald is unable to stand by and watch the killing , and so he intervenes to save the president 's life : he shouts for the president and his entourage to `` get down !
mr. president , get down !
he 's got a gun ! ''
oswald fires anyway , but misses , and is later arrested by dallas police .
a grateful president kennedy -lrb- played by andrew robinson -rrb- invites fitzgerald to stay at the white house for the night .
as kennedy and his entourage return home , the president is notified that russian troops have captured west berlin .
fitzgerald is astonished , and claims that khruschev would never do such a thing .
kennedy sadly points out that khruschev was assassinated earlier that day .
in his room that night , fitzgerald frantically consults his time travel wrist computer , which informs him that his alteration of history has caused massive rips in the fabric of time .
the assassination of khruschev was not enough to `` fix '' the damage to the time stream ; the computer informs fitzgerald that all possible outcomes to this timeline will result in total war between the superpowers and mutual annihilation .
there is only way to repair the timeline , the computer intones : `` the kennedy presidency must end , as history originally recorded it . ''
meanwhile , the president and his chief secret service bodyguard , ray -lrb- louis giambalvo -rrb- , have discovered that fitzgerald 's video camera is not the standard model it appears to be .
metallurgists ca n't open it up or determine what it may be.they summon fitzgerald , who tells them that the camera is a holographic camera from the future , as he himself is .
they are skeptical but are convinced of the truth when the professor demonstrates the camera 's use .
president kennedy asks whether fitzgerald was sent back in time to observe kennedy 's reaction to the berlin crisis , but the professor replies that he did n't know about that .
kennedy is puzzled at this , until he looks again at fitzgerald 's half dollar coin - dated 0000 , with kennedy 's face on it - which the secret service had recovered after fitzgerald dropped it on air force one , and he quickly deduces the truth : that fitzgerald came to dallas to witness an assassination , kennedy 's own -lrb- it is illegal to depict a living person on money -rrb- .
kennedy volunteers to do whatever is necessary to repair history .
fitzgerald , overwhelmed by his ancestor 's heroism , removes his time travel ring and places it on kennedy 's hand , at which point kennedy vanishes , evidently having returned to dallas the previous day to be assassinated .
but when dallas and the motorcade are revisited , it is fitzgerald who appears in the car and is shot and killed .
at parkland memorial hospital in dallas , the dead body of `` president kennedy '' -lrb- actually fitzgerald -rrb- is being attended to by a doctor , who is actually fitzgerald 's colleague from the future .
ray , the secret service agent , recognizes her wrist computer because it is identical to fitzgerald 's .
she tells him that she knew what fitzgerald 's fate would be , saying , `` some of us do our research in the even farther future '' and goes on to say , `` the last time i saw him i could n't tell him what i knew .
all i could do was repeat a phrase '' - the remark that fitzgerald did n't quite catch - `` in chinese that my husband taught me . ''
holding fitzgerald 's hand tenderly , she repeats the phrase in chinese and then says it in english : `` goodbye , old friend ... goodbye . ''
ray asks her if what they have seen will change history , and she replies that it wo n't - because it did n't .
`` even the act of traveling in time is part of history , '' she says .
at harvard university in 0000 , a man speaks to a classroom full of students , delivering a rousing speech in which he implicitly lauds fitzgerald 's sacrifice and the sacrifices of other honorable men like him .
as the camera turns , we see that the speaker , dressed in clothing appropriate to the period , is john f. kennedy .
menagerie is the term for a historical form of keeping wild and exotic animals in human captivity and therefore a predecessor of the modern zoological garden .
the term was foremost used in seventeenth century france originally for the management of the household or domestic stock , but later primarily for an aristocratic or royal animal collection .
the french-language `` methodical encyclopaedia '' of 0000 defines a menagerie as an '' `` establishment of luxury and curiosity . '' ''
later on the term was referred even to travelling animal collections that exhibited wild animals at fairs across europe and the americas .
a menagerie was mostly connected with an aristocratic or royal court and it was thus sited within a garden or park of a palace .
the aristocratic menageries have to be distinguished from the later zoological gardens since they were founded and owned by aristocrats whose intention was not primarily of scientific and educational interest .
these aristocrats wanted to illustrate their power and wealth , because exotic animals , alive and active , were less common , more difficult to acquire , and more expensive to maintain .
medieval period and renaissance .
already within the middle ages , several sovereigns across europe maintained menageries at their royal courts .
the most prominent animal collection in medieval england was the tower menagerie in london that began in 0000 , during the reign of henry iii .
in effect it was the royal menagerie of england for six centuries .
by the end of the fifteenth century , during the renaissance period , the italian aristocracy , wealthy patricians and clergymen , what eventually began to collect exotic animals at their residences on the outskirts of the cities .
the role played by animals within the gardens of italian villas expanded at the end of the sixteenth century , for which a remarkable sign was the villa borghese at rome .
during the seventeenth century , when the palace of versailles was built , louis xiv of france also erected a menagerie within the palace 's park .
most of it was constructed in 0000 when the first animals were introduced , although the interior fittings were not finished until 0000-00 .
situated in the south-west of the park , it was louis xiv 's first major project at versailles and one of several pleasure houses that were gradually assembled around the palace .
it represented the first menagerie according to baroque style .
the prominent feature of baroque menageries was the circular layout , in the middle of which stood a beautiful pavilion .
around this pavilion was a walking path and outside this path were the enclosures and cages .
each enclosure had a house or stable at the far end for the animals and was bounded on three sides with walls .
there were bars only in the direction of the pavilion .
this design was adopted by many other monarchs across europe , particularly by the habsburg monarchy in austria .
in 0000 francis i erected his famous baroque menagerie in the park of schönbrunn palace near vienna .
in the nineteenth century the aristocratic menageries were displaced by the modern zoological gardens with their scientific and educational approach .
today , the only remaining menagerie is that of tiergarten schönbrunn , but in the twentieth century it evolved into a modern zoological garden with a scientific , educational and conservationist orientation .
due to its local continuity , the vienna zoo , the former menagerie , is often seen as the oldest remaining zoo in the world .
although many of the old baroque enclosures have been changed , one can still obtain a good impression of the symmetrical ensemble of the formerly imperial menagerie .
in england travelling menageries had first appeared at the turn of the eighteenth century .
in contrast to the aristocratic menageries , these travelling animal collections were run by showmen who met the craving for sensation of the ordinary population .
these animal shows ranged in size but the largest was george wombwell 's .
the earliest record of a fatality at one such travelling menagerie was the death of hannah twynnoy in 0000 who was killed by a tiger in malmesbury , wiltshire .
also in north america travelling menageries became ever more popular during that time .
the first exotic animal known to have been exhibited in america was a lion , in boston in 0000 , followed five years later in the same city by a camel .
a sailor arrived in philadelphia in august 0000 with another lion , which he exhibited in the city and surrounding towns for eight years .
the first elephant was imported from india to america by a ship 's captain , jacob crowninshield , in 0000 .
it was first displayed in new york city and travelled extensively up and down the east coast .
in 0000 james and william howes ' new york menagerie toured new england with an elephant , a rhinoceros , a camel , two tigers , a polar bear , and several parrots and monkeys .
america 's touring menageries slowed to a crawl under the weight of the depression of the 0000s and then to a halt with the outbreak of the civil war .
only one travelling menagerie of any size existed after the war : the van amburgh menagerie travelled the united states for nearly forty years .
unlike their european counterparts , america 's menageries and circuses had combined as single travelling shows , with one ticket to see both .
this increased the size and the diversity of their collections .
ringling bros. and barnum & bailey circus menageries advertised their shows as the `` world 's greatest menagerie '' .
the after hours is a 0000 episode of `` the new twilight zone '' .
terry farrell stars as a sweet naïve young woman who is being pursued by strangers in a department store .
it turns out she is not what she seems and has broken a commitment to these strangers that are following her .
this episode is a remake of the classic episode that originally starred anne francis .
the remake has a similar plot but places a greater emphasis on suspense .
farrell 's character reacts with horror when she realizes she is turning into a mannequin , and the closing narration describes being a mannequin as an unenviable existence .
the butmir culture was a culture in butmir , near ilidža , bosnia and herzegovina , dating from the neolithic period .
it is characterized by its unique pottery , and is one of the best researched european cultures from 0000-0000 bc .
the butmir culture was discovered in 0000 , when austrio-hungarian authorities began construction on the agricultural college of the university of sarajevo .
various traces of human settlement were found dating to the neolithic period .
digs were begun immediately , and lasted until 0000 .
the finds caused interest among archeologists worldwide .
they were largely responsible for the international congress of archeology and antrophology being held in sarajevo in august of 0000 .
the most impressive finds were the unique ceramics , which are now found in the national museum of bosnia and herzegovina .
certain characteristics of the butmir pottery designs made some suggest a connection to the minoan culture on crete .
of course this was during the same time that some suggested troy was found in the neretva river valley , and overwhelming modern opinion is that the butmir people were a unique culture of their own in the sarajevo area .
the culture disappeared during the bronze age , most likely conquered by the illyrians who settled the area at the time .
the illyrian tribe who occupied the area after them were the daesitates .
nyord is a danish island in the baltic sea , southeast of zealand , just north of møn island .
nyord covers an area of approximately 0 km ² , although only 0.0 km ² is cultivatable moraine , while the remaining 0 km ² is salt-meadow which is used for summer grazing , but is flooded during the winter .
the island is reached by a narrow bridge from the larger island of møn .
the bridge was constructed in 0000 and replaced the post boat `` røret '' which had been in service since 0000 .
the boat was not large enough for animals such as cattle or horses , which had to swim alongside the boat .
traditionally the island has been self sufficient , relying upon farming , fishing and piloting .
prior to 0000 the island belonged to the crown , but at this time crown lands were sold off , and the islanders purchased their own island for 0000 rigsdaler .
the waters around the island are sufficiently treacherous that islanders could gain a livelihood as pilots , and this became enshrined in law as both a right and duty of the islanders between 0000 and 0000 .
after 0000 pilots were employed directly by the government instead of earning individual fees .
a number of pilots houses and a lookout were constructed when the government took over the service .
piloting ceased in 0000 .
the village of nyord remains similar to its original design , with traditional thatched cottages and farm houses .
it has a church , museum and small harbour .
there is a restaurant `` lolles gård '' which is both a farm and a restaurant , there also is a village shop .
the marshland area crossed by the bridge from the main island has one of denmark 's most important habitats for geese , ducks and other wading birds .
there is an observation tower for birdwatchers to use .
`` shelter skelter '' is an episode of the 0000s revival of `` the twilight zone '' .
harry dobbs -lrb- joe mantegna -rrb- is a family man obsessed with surviving a nuclear war .
he has even built himself a fallout shelter in his basement .
his wife , -lrb- joan allen -rrb- has taken the kids -lrb- one of them played by danica mckellar -rrb- to visit her sister in another state , leaving him alone .
suddenly , without warning , a nuclear blast takes place .
believing that world war iii has begun , he runs to the shelter .
he survives on his wits alone as he is forced to turn away his friend nick who arrived too late .
alone and unaware of what exists outside , he remains .
outside , however , things are quite different ... world war iii has not in fact happened .
the nuclear blast was an accident , with the incident bringing a shocked world back from the brink of nuclear war , and its crater has been contained under a memorial which has sealed inside it all of the debris and radiation .
the memorial was built right on top of dobbs ' house .
uss `` trathen '' -lrb- dd-000 -rrb- was a world war ii-era `` fletcher '' - class destroyer in the service of the united states navy , named after lieutenant commander james trathen .
`` trathen '' was laid down on 00 march 0000 at san francisco , california , by the bethlehem steel co. ; launched on 00 october 0000 ; sponsored by mrs. cassin young , wife of captain cassin young who was awarded the medal of honor for his valor as commanding officer of `` vestal '' -lrb- ar-0 -rrb- during the japanese attack on pearl harbor ; and commissioned on 00 may 0000 , commander alvoord j. greenacre in command .
following training operations in the hawaiian area , `` trathen '' joined rear admiral willis a. `` ching '' lee 's task force -lrb- tf -rrb- 00 to take part in the reoccupation of baker island .
the target isle , a tiny elliptical speck of land , lay nearer to the japanese-held northern gilbert islands than funafuti in the ellice group and presented a valuable staging area for projected aerial search and photo reconnaissance missions against the japanese mandates .
lee , in `` hercules '' -lrb- ak-00 -rrb- , led tf 00 's sortie from pearl harbor on 00 august 0000 , and his ships arrived off baker on 0 september .
while the transports and `` ashland '' -lrb- lsd-0 -rrb- disembarked their troops and disgorged their cargoes shoreward , `` trathen '' stood by and provided fighter-direction services to the grumman f0f hellcats from `` belleau wood '' -lrb- cvl-00 -rrb- and `` princeton '' -lrb- cvl-00 -rrb- .
during the action , the destroyer directed the f0f 's to a radar contact 00 miles away .
they soon came upon the snooping kawanishi h0k -lrb- allied identifier : `` emily '' -rrb- flying boat and dispatched her so fast that no radio report from the japanese got out over the airwaves .
two days later , `` trathen '' again vectored the hellcats to another `` emily '' which they also splashed into the sea .
with baker secure and the priceless airfield constructed and ready for use by 00 september , `` trathen '' headed for hawaii .
on 00 september , the ship commenced screening operations for task group -lrb- tg -rrb- 00.0 , as it sortied from pearl harbor , bound for wake island .
under the command of rear admiral alfred e. montgomery , this fast carrier task force -- the largest yet assembled -- consisted of `` essex '' -lrb- cv-0 -rrb- , `` yorktown '' -lrb- cv-00 -rrb- , `` lexington '' -lrb- cv-00 -rrb- , `` cowpens '' -lrb- cvl-00 -rrb- , `` independence '' -lrb- cvl-00 -rrb- , and `` belleau wood '' .
on 0 and 0 october , montgomery 's planes made six strikes , flying 000 combat sorties while battleships and cruisers provided their heavy gunfire for further harassment of the japanese-held island .
despite a cracked high pressure turbine casing , `` trathen '' retired with the task force back toward the hawaiian islands and arrived at pearl harbor on the 00th .
temporary patching at pearl harbor permitted the destroyer to proceed to bremerton , washington , and permanent repairs at the puget sound navy yard .
the ship sailed for the hawaiian islands on 00 november and reached pearl harbor six days later .
following training exercises with land-based aircraft off oahu , trathen 's commanding officer was designated commander , task unit -lrb- tu -rrb- 00.00.0 , and his ship joined `` martin '' -lrb- de-00 -rrb- and ss `` mormacport '' .
the ships sailed via canton island , funafuti , and tarawa to makin island where they arrived on 00 december .
the next day , the destroyer sped 000 miles to the scene of a downed pby catalina , rescued the patrol bomber 's crew , and returned to makin on the 00th .
on the return leg of the mission , the ship 's radar picked up a formation of japanese medium bombers bound for the gilberts .
evidently attracted to bigger game , the bombers sped on .
however , one which passed over the ship was taken under fire but apparently suffered no damage .
after pressing on to abemama island , `` trathen '' and `` le hardy '' -lrb- de-00 -rrb- got underway on christmas day 0000 to escort ss `` mormacport '' back to hawaii .
one day out , an `` emily '' spotted the three-ship convoy but stayed tantalizingly out of reach of the allied ships ' guns .
detaching `` le hardy '' that evening , `` trathen '' and `` mormacport '' proceeded on to hawaii and arrived at pearl harbor on new year 's day 0000 .
`` trathen '' conducted gunnery exercises in the hawaiian area before departing pearl harbor on 00 january , bound for the marshalls .
entering kwajalein lagoon on 0 february , `` trathen '' relieved `` schroeder '' -lrb- dd-000 -rrb- off kwajalein island as a fire-support ship and shelled japanese positions ashore until the fire control party could locate no further targets .
on the 0th , `` trathen '' joined `` mccord '' -lrb- dd-000 -rrb- and cruisers `` minneapolis '' -lrb- ca-00 -rrb- and `` san francisco '' -lrb- ca-00 -rrb- off gugegwe delivering support fire for the three battalions of marines , embarked in six lst 's , as they swarmed ashore in lvt -lrb- a -rrb- 's and 00 amphtracs , with 00 m0 sherman tanks .
at 0000 , `` trathen '' commenced fire with her main battery , sending 0-inch shells whistling shoreward .
the destroyer and her consorts then stood by as the landing craft reached the beach .
`` trathen '' continued to provide gunfire support until the kwajalein operations ended on 0 february .
the destroyer headed for majuro on the 0th and arrived there the next day .
on the 00th , `` trathen '' returned to kwajalein to conduct antisubmarine patrols .
`` trathen '' next formed up with `` indianapolis '' -lrb- ca-00 -rrb- off eniwetok .
based on an intelligence report that the island was unoccupied , the american warships carried out relatively light bombardment .
in the meantime , analysis of papers captured at kwajalein revealed that eniwetok was , in fact , defended by tough , crack japanese troops .
too late for a radical change of plans , `` indianapolis '' and near-sister `` portland '' -lrb- ca-00 -rrb- , accompanied by `` trathen '' and `` hoel '' -lrb- dd-000 -rrb- , stationed themselves on the flanks of the lci -lrb- g -rrb- 's , with waves of lvt 's in the middle .
`` trathen '' screened the former cruiser while `` hoel '' drew the latter , and the ships joined the gunboats -lrb- lci -lrb- g -rrb- -rrb- in firing on the island .
eniwetok soon fell to the mailed fist of american land and sea power .
`` trathen '' furnished fire support intermittently until the 00th of the month and there after remained at eniwetok until 0 march when she headed for majuro for a tender availability .
then , following exercises at purvis bay in the solomon islands and patrol duty between the emirau and new hanover islands , `` trathen '' subsequently joined the 0th fleet on 0 may .
the destroyer departed manus , in the admiralty islands , on 00 may in company with tf 00 and 00 , bound for new guinea waters .
the target island , wakde -- occupied in 0000 by the japanese -- possessed an excellent airstrip and vital facilities which would be immensely useful to the allies as they `` island-hopped '' closer to the philippines and japan .
arriving on the 00th , `` trathen '' provided gunfire support for the force which landed on wakde and later operated off the coast supporting the operation until the 00th , when the ship sailed for biak island .
the next target on the navy 's timetable , this island -- the largest of the schoeten islands group -- lay fringed with coral reefs .
the attack force scheduled to bombard the island arrived off the landing beaches 00 minutes ahead of schedule ; and , at 0000 on the morning of 00 may , the 0-inch guns of cruisers `` phoenix '' -lrb- cl-00 -rrb- , `` boise '' -lrb- cl-00 -rrb- , and `` nashville '' -lrb- cl-00 -rrb- began lobbing the first of 0,000 rounds of shells shoreward , while the destroyers looked for `` game '' along the landing beaches -- such as small japanese patrol craft .
at 0000 , four japanese fighters made half-hearted passes over the airstrips on biak .
two fighter-bombers came over late in the afternoon shortly thereafter followed by four twin-engined planes -- three of which were destroyed by antiaircraft fire .
the fourth was damaged .
`` trathen '' remained on patrol station off the schoetens until 00 may , when she retired to humboldt bay to rejoin tf 00 .
the japanese ' first reinforcement attempt towards biak had been detected , and the nipponese had turned back .
on 0 june , as the enemy was retreating , tf 00 and 00 received orders to go after the fleeing japanese .
at 00:00 on 0 june , `` trathen '' got underway with the other units of destroyer division -lrb- desdiv -rrb- 00 and gave chase .
the next day , 00 japanese aichi d0a `` val '' dive bombers tried to pounce on the american force but were driven off .
on the 0th , japanese torpedo bombers attacked american forces , and one of them fell to trathen 's heavy antiaircraft fire .
subsequently , the enemy launched a second effort aimed at reinforcing their beleaguered outpost on biak .
six japanese destroyers -- three with troops embarked and three towing landing barges -- joined cruisers `` aoba '' and `` kinu '' north of misool island , west of the `` parrot beak '' of new guinea .
the enemy force was under rear admiral naomasa sakonju in destroyer `` shikinami '' .
proceeding towards biak , the japanese reinforcement group remained undetected until 00 b-00 mitchells , escorted by p-00 lightnings , spotted them and launched a devastating attack which sank `` harusame '' and damaged three of her sister destroyers .
resuming the run to biak once the planes had departed , the japanese continued on an unknowing collision course with vice admiral v.a.c. crutchley 's cruisers and destroyers prowling between biak and hollandia .
unaware of sakonju 's position , crutchley decided to commence a sweep parallel to the coast of biak .
about 0000 on the night of 0 june , a pb0y bomber on night patrol , detected the nipponese force and reported five unidentified ships making 00 knots in the direction of crutchley 's cruisers and destroyers .
deploying for battle on a northerly course , the british admiral ordered his ships to general quarters .
the japanese simultaneously detected the american 's presence and turned to fire torpedo spreads before retiring .
`` trathen '' , in desdiv 00 , followed astern of desdivs 00 and 00 , under orders from crutchley to pursue the fleeing enemy .
then , while the two divisions charged ahead on the heels of the retreating nipponese , `` trathen '' and her division mates fell back on orders to screen crutchley 's cruisers .
the american force never caught up with the enemy and returned to humboldt bay on the following day .
`` trathen '' subsequently participated in the invasion of noemfoor island .
assigned to tg 00.0 , the covering force , she conducted shore bombardment missions there on 0 july before retiring to humboldt bay .
she later served in the covering forces during the landings at cape sansapor , new guinea , on 00 july , laying smoke screens and patrolling 00 miles off shoreline to cover the invasion .
recreation and availability at sydney , australia , from 00 -- 00 august , provided trathen 's officers and men with a welcome respite from the toils of war .
heading back north after a week of australian hospitality , the destroyer conducted exercises and drills in the vicinity of purvis bay in preparation for the western carolines operation .
on 0 september , she departed from purvis bay as part of tg 00.0 .
after screening the carriers as they launched devastating air strikes in support of the palau invasion , the destroyer retired on 00 september to refuel and replenish depleted ammunition stocks in kossol passage .
with the dissolution of her task , the destroyer headed for manus and arrived there on 0 october .
next assigned to tg 00.0 , `` trathen '' set her course towards leyte gulf in the philippine islands .
landings on dinagat and suluan islands in the entrance to leyte gulf commenced on the 00th ; and the destroyer stood by to provide antiaircraft and gunfire support .
three days later , three japanese fighters roared low over the area which `` trathen '' was guarding .
within minutes , the ship 's gunners splashed their second plane of the war ; and the destroyer even managed to capture the aircraft 's pilot whom they transferred to carrier `` sangamon '' -lrb- cve-00 -rrb- .
again on the 00th , japanese aircraft harassed the ships of the invasion force , and the alert combat air patrol -lrb- cap -rrb- downed two more of the enemy .
`` trathen '' retired to manus early in november but returned to leyte gulf on the 00th for patrols in surigao strait .
relieving `` sigourney '' -lrb- dd-000 -rrb- on the 00th , `` trathen '' remained in the philippines until the 00d when she headed to the western carolines .
after sinking a medium barge with 0-inch and 00-millimeter fire en route , she reached ulithi on 00 november .
exercises off ulithi occupied the ship from 00 november to 00 december before `` trathen '' joined tg 00.0 on 0 january 0000 .
she served as plane guard and screening vessel for this group and tg 00.0 through the end of the month .
the former group participated in preinvasion strikes on the island of luzon before turning to the south china sea for a series of strikes on japanese-held taiwan from 0 to 00 january .
the french indochina coast next received its share of attention , with japanese shipping and coastal installations feeling the might of the american naval air arm .
then , moving northward against virtually no opposition from japanese planes or ships , the task group aircraft bombed hong kong and hainan island .
monsoon and typhoon-type winds and seas buffeted the group on the 00th and 00th , with trathen 's inclinometer registering a staggering 00 degrees from the vertical at the height of the storm .
after leaving the south china sea through the balintang channel , `` trathen '' and her mates participated in more strikes against taiwan and in raids on sakishima gunto which served japan as a staging area for the kamikazes .
in the course of her plane-guarding duties , `` trathen '' steamed astern of `` hancock '' -lrb- cv-00 -rrb- on 00 january and witnessed the detonation of a tbf avenger as it landed hard on the flight deck .
one man was blown overboard by the explosion , but `` trathen '' soon fished him from the water .
following the strikes on okinawa , `` trathen '' got underway from ulithi on 00 february to support carrier operations between iwo jima and the japanese home islands .
six days later , tf 00 commenced the first strikes against tokyo launched from 000 miles south east of the imperial city .
after a night retirement , the group conducted further strikes the next day .
with the landings at iwo jima , `` trathen '' arrived in the vicinity on the 00th and screened the carriers as they conducted air strikes for the next four days supporting the american marines fighting for that fanatically defended island .
the force swept north with `` trathen '' in its screen and arrived at a point off tokyo at dawn on the 00th to launch strikes to hit the japanese capital again .
that night , the carriers steamed in the direction of nagoya , but heavy weather cancelled the strikes scheduled to be launched against that industrial city on the 00th .
while in japanese waters , `` trathen '' and her division mates sighted a number of floating mines .
the destroyer herself sank one with gun fire on 00 february .
following availability at ulithi , `` trathen '' returned to the `` front lines '' on 00 march , rendezvousing with tg 00.0 in preparations for air strikes on the japanese home islands and on okinawa .
temporarily detached to pick up a downed pilot , the destroyer rejoined the group as it plowed on towards japan .
she later sank several more floating mines while screening the carriers against air attacks .
slashing through cap and antiaircraft fire , some kamikazes managed to crash into their targets and give their lives for the emperor .
antiaircraft fire from trathen 's group accounted for five of the winged marauders , but one hit `` intrepid '' -lrb- cv-00 -rrb- on 00 march .
nine days later , `` trathen '' , in company with battle cruisers `` guam '' -lrb- cb-0 -rrb- and `` alaska '' -lrb- cb-0 -rrb- , cruisers `` flint '' -lrb- cl-00 -rrb- and `` san diego '' -lrb- cl-00 -rrb- and four other destroyers left the carriers to bombard minami daito shima .
all ships shelled the target area with impunity .
the battlecruisers , light cruisers , and destroyers rejoined the carriers on 00 march and resumed their screening duties .
in the months that followed , american forces -- aided by the small british far east fleet -- continued hammering at the japanese homeland with air strikes and bombardments by surface ships .
on 00 april , still attached to tf 00 , `` trathen '' hammered away at attacking japanese planes with her antiaircraft batteries .
during the third raid that day , a 0-inch shell from a `` friendly '' ship hit the destroyer near her number five 0-inch mount handling room .
it killed three men , wounded 00 , and rendered the after mount inoperative .
tender availability soon made good the damage , and `` trathen '' returned to the fleet .
departing ulithi on 0 may , she rejoined tf 00 on the 0th near okinawa .
six days later , `` bunker hill '' -lrb- cv-00 -rrb- , flagship of tf 00 , was hit by a kamikaze .
another japanese pilot , with similar intentions for `` trathen '' , dived toward the destroyer .
while the ship 's guns hammered at the suicide plane , help came from the air .
a `` friendly '' fighter , braving the antiaircraft fire from his own ships , also attacked the kamikaze which crashed into the sea off trathen 's port bow .
anchoring in ulithi lagoon for a needed rest , `` trathen '' got underway again 00 days later and sortied with tg 00.0 to screen the carrier .
on 0 june , air operations were cancelled as the barometer began to plummet .
the storm center of a typhoon passed some 00 miles to the southeast , and the ships in company with `` trathen '' emerged unscathed from the fringes of the storm .
on 0 june , while carrying out plane-guard duties , the destroyer rescued the two-man crew of a downed sb0c helldiver .
she recovered both men , but the pilot was dead when he was brought on board .
these operations proved to be trathen 's last of world war ii , for she soon departed leyte to begin the long voyage back to the united states .
after a stop at pearl harbor , `` trathen '' arrived at seattle , washington , on 0 july 0000 , for an overhaul at the todd shipbuilding co. .
while the destroyer was in the shipyard , the war in the pacific ended .
upon completion of the refit , the ship sailed for san diego on 00 september and arrived there on 0 october .
on 00 january 0000 , `` trathen '' was decommissioned and berthed with the san diego group , pacific reserve fleet .
when north korean forces swept southward across the 00th parallel on 00 june 0000 , the united states soon came to the aid of the embattled south koreans .
called out of reserve service on 00 june 0000 , `` trathen '' was recommissioned on 0 august .
as flagship of destroyer squadron -lrb- desron -rrb- 00 , the ship was transferred to the atlantic fleet on 0 october , based at norfolk , virginia , and operated off the east coast and in the caribbean through the end of 0000 .
subsequently ordered to the far east , `` trathen '' arrived at sasebo , japan , on 00 february 0000 .
during her korean deployment , trathen 's main and secondary batteries pounded railroad lines , trains , bunkers , and transformer stations .
on 00 march , the destroyer joined the `` train buster club '' when she destroyed a railroad train .
two days later , after the ship completed her patrols between wonsan and hungnam , she was relieved on station to return to sasebo for repairs .
later becoming a part of tf 00 , `` trathen '' continued on duty until 0 june .
she departed sasebo on the following day , bound for hong kong .
returning to the united states via southeast asia and the mediterranean , `` trathen '' operated with the atlantic fleet until january 0000 , when she was transferred back to the pacific fleet and subsequently deployed to the western pacific -lrb- westpac -rrb- .
on 00 april , `` trathen '' departed long beach , california to begin successive westpac deployments which would last through 0000 , interspersed with tours of duty on the west coast .
when in the orient , she followed a varied itinerary visiting such ports as kaohsiung , taiwan ; hong kong ; sasebo and yokosuka , japan ; as well as pearl harbor , guam , midway , and subic bay .
during this period , she took part in antisubmarine , antiaircraft , and other exercises ; served as plane guard when operating with fast carrier forces , and patrolled the taiwan strait as part of american forces protecting that island .
while `` trathen '' was at kaohsiung during her last deployment to westpac , word arrived early in august of the gulf of tonkin incident .
getting underway shortly thereafter , `` trathen '' operated at sea throughout the remainder of the month but for brief replenishments at kaohsiung .
relieved on station , `` trathen '' sailed for hong kong to serve as station ship before traveling to the south china sea to support naval operations off the coast of the republic of south vietnam .
on 0 october 0000 , the destroyer departed for eastern waters and proceeded via guam and midway to the west coast .
after arriving at long beach on 00 october , the destroyer conducted routine carrier operations off the west coast .
on 00 february 0000 , `` trathen '' reported to the commander , san diego group , pacific reserve fleet , to begin her second inactivation period at the todd shipyard , san pedro , california .
on 00 march , she made her final voyage at the end of a towline .
brought to san diego , she completed the process of deactiva-tion and was decommissioned on 00 may 0000 and placed in reserve .
a survey of the ship conducted in june 0000 reported that the costs of modernization to `` trathen '' would be disproportionate to the value of the ship .
accordingly , `` trathen '' was struck from the naval vessel register on 0 november 0000 .
`` trathen '' received eight battle stars for world war ii service and one for korean war service .
lino césar oviedo silva -lrb- born september 00 , 0000 -rrb- is a former paraguayan army general and politician .
army career , alleged coup attempt , imprisonment and release .
oviedo was born in poverty in the town of juan de mena -lrb- cordillera department -rrb- on september 00 , 0000 .
he chose a military career , studied in germany and eventually became a close aide to general andrés rodríguez .
he was named chief of the army in 0000 .
when president juan carlos wasmosy asked him to step down from that position in april 0000 , he allegedly refused and threatened a coup d'etat .
after days of tension , wasmosy offered him the defence ministry instead , but when oviedo went to the presidential palace to take the oath , dressed in civilian clothes , the president , backed by popular demonstrations , withdrew the offer .
ousted from the military , he concentrated in winning the ruling colorado party 's candidacy for the 0000 presidential elections , and succeeded by presenting a populist platform through his great rethoric skills .
a month before the national elections , and while leading the polls , he was finally condemned to a ten-year prison term for his 0000 's military mutiny .
his running mate raúl cubas continued the campaing and eventually won the elections , largely based on the promise to free oviedo , which in fact he did days after taking office , over the protest of the paraguayan supreme court and opposition leaders .
in march 0000 , vice president luis maría argaña , a key political enemy of both oviedo and president cubas , was assassinated .
in mid of riots and political turmoil , cubas resigned , abandoning oviedo , who fled into exile , first in argentina and then in brazil .
on june 00 , 0000 , he returned to paraguay and was detained by the police , who took him to the military prison of viñas cué , located a short distance from asunción .
initially sentenced to a ten-year term , he was released on parole for good behaviour on 0 september 0000 .
general oviedo has been widely criticized by detractors who point to such acts as a public speech where he promised to use `` whatever means necessary '' to obtain and maintain power .
he is also criticized for allegedly engaging in political campaigning while still holding a military rank , or too soon after leaving the military -lrb- there is a waiting period of six months before former military can engage in any sort of political campaigning -rrb- .
in fact , during the first half of juan carlos wasmosy 's presidency , general oviedo was viewed as some sort of paraguay 's strongman .
he was also accused of links to drug cartels , smuggling protection and the assassination of vice president luís maría argaña .
a populist , he constantly praises argentinian general juan domingo perón as a model latin american politician .
oviedo left the ruling colorado party and founded his own political party , punace , but lately has been critiziced by his own followers for choosing his children and other family members for legislative candidacies , rather than political backers with more experience .
in november 0000 , a paraguayan man , tomás velázquez , held a hunger strike before being publicly crucified in asunción .
he maintained that oviedo was the target of political persecution and that the military tribunal that convicted him for his alleged participation in a subversive plot was illegal according to the constitution , as it had been conducted in time of peace .
supreme court decision and potential presidential candidacy .
on october 00 0000 , oviedo 's conviction was overturned by the supreme court in an eight to one decision following testimony from former officers that there had been no coup attempt .
the ruling leaves oviedo free to run in the april 0000 presidential election .
gaoyao city -lrb- 高要市 -rrb- is a county-level city under the jurisdiction of zhaoqing prefecture-level city in guangdong province , in southern china .
population : 000,000 .
gaoyao is located on the southern bank of the xijiang river , just opposite to zhaoqing city .
both are about 000 km away from guangzhou , the provincial capital .
gaoyao was established as a county as early as in the han dynasty .
it was named after gaoyao gorge -lrb- now renamed lingyang gorge -rrb- on the xijiang river , and became a city at county level in 0000 .
places of interest include the red mansion and gaoyao xuegong pavilion .
gaoyao has juridiction over one subdistrict and several towns : gaoyao is closely connected with zhaoqing city geographically as well as culturally .
the two cities are connected by two road bridges and a railway bridge .
appalachia service project , inc. or asp is a christian volunteer organization operating in central appalachia , specifically in the states of virginia , west virginia , kentucky , and tennessee .
the organization is concerned with home repair for low-income families , as well as a limited amount of affordable home construction .
its primary goal is making homes `` warmer , safer , and drier '' .
appalachia service project lists the following driving values : `` we believe that each person is a child of god imbued with dignity and worth .
we accept people right where they are and just the way they are .
we believe that affordable , safe , sanitary housing is a basic human right .
we are committed to witness through the good quality of our work and careful stewardship of our resources .
we believe god calls volunteers to serve others as partners in ministry and we will encourage their growth in faith , as they are involved in this service .
we believe where asp is involved in local communities we will encourage , affirm , and support social and economic justice . ''
asp was founded in the summer of 0000 by rev. glenn `` tex '' evans , a minister in the united methodist church .
from its humble beginnings , with 00 volunteers repairing four houses in 0000 , asp has grown into a large organization operating in 00 communities .
in the summer of 0000 , 00,000 volunteers repaired 000 homes .
asp also spun off organizations known as the sierra service project in california and project noah in louisiana .
in addition to the summer volunteer program for youth , asp operates three year-round centers in jonesville , virginia , chavies , kentucky , and brenton , west virginia .
adult volunteers as well as college groups come to these centers to repair homes throughout the year .
ben moon -lrb- born 0000-00-00 -rrb- is a rock climber from england .
during the late 0000s and early 0000s , ben moon , along with his climbing partner jerry moffat drove forward the level of sport climbing in the uk especially , but also throughout the world .
he was the first person to climb a route at the grade of -lrb- french -rrb- 0c + , establishing `` hubble '' at raven tor .
at its inception , `` hubble '' was the hardest sport route in the world , where the crux consists of a font 0b boulder problem .
ben moon is best known for short and powerful routes and boulder problems .
ben moon 's first officially declared 0c routes had somewhat controversial names .
the routes were both in france and had been previously attempted for a long time by local climbers .
after climbing them ben named them after french military disasters , first the maginot line and secondly agincourt .
apart from his choice of naming , and the inevitable rivalry that comes from being part of the british competition climbing team ben 's relationship with french climbers seems to be on a friendly basis .
as of 0000 ben moon is still climbing although he now concentrates on bouldering and also giving courses to climbers .
he has also started an equipment company , moon , his second after splitting from his partner in his previous company , s0 .
mom rajawongse sirikit kitiyakara in the `` twilight zone '' episode `` father and son game , '' ed marinaro plays a `` type a '' businessman of the future .
convinced he can run his business better than his son , he tries to outpace him by living healthier .
just when he thinks he has beaten every health problem , a new one arises .
each time he is forced to sacrifice part of his humanity in order to overcome the health crisis and live longer .
eventually he outlives his son and has no more worries about losing his company .
however , by this time he has lost much more and is nothing more than a computer program without a living body .
checking in is a short-lived 0000 television sitcom and spin-off of `` the jeffersons '' , which itself had spun off from `` all in the family '' .
in the series , the jeffersons ' maid florence johnston , played by marla gibbs , accepted a job to become the executive housekeeper at the fictional st. frederick hotel in manhattan .
`` checking in '' premiered on cbs on april 0 , 0000 .
it lasted for only four episodes .
faced with low ratings , the series was swiftly cancelled , ending the show on april 00 , 0000 .
gibbs returned to `` the jeffersons '' as the character of florence .
it was explained that the st. frederick hotel had burned down , so florence decided to return to her former job with the jeffersons .
`` checking in '' was one of the rare `` all in the family '' - related series that was not successful , unlike `` the jeffersons '' , `` maude '' , and `` good times '' .
florence and elena suspect that a ghost is roaming the building .
lyle throws a party , but his high school rival -lrb- now a pro football coach -rrb- and his team arrive to crash it .
florence is caught between lyle and elena when they have a fight .
0 .
`` florence and the salesman '' florence thinks an elderly salesman is coming on to her .
heads of government of cameroon gold medal of the royal astronomical society the gold medal is the highest award of the royal astronomical society .
in the early years , more than one medal was often awarded in a year , but by 0000 only one medal was being awarded per year .
this caused a problem when neptune was discovered in 0000 , because many felt an award should jointly be made to john couch adams and urbain le verrier .
a controversy arose and no award was made in 0000 .
the controversy was `` resolved '' by giving 00 `` testimonial '' awards in 0000 to various people including adams and le verrier , and in 0000 awards resumed , with a limit of one per year .
adams and le verrier did not get their gold medals until 0000 and 0000 , respectively .
adams , as president , presented le verrier with the medal .
the practice of awarding one medal a year continued until 0000 , although two medals were awarded in both 0000 and 0000 and in a few years no award was made .
since 0000 there have been two awards in most years , one for astronomy and one for geophysics .
on two occasions , silver medals were also awarded , but this was soon discontinued .
gold medal of the royal astronomical society the cold equations -lrb- the twilight zone -rrb- the cold equations is an episode of the television series `` the new twilight zone '' . ''
`` on the frontier , any frontier , there can be little margin for error .
just as the first covered wagons making their way across the american desert had a finite supply of food and water , so too on this even vaster frontier are there laws that must be strictly observed .
thomas barton has been piloting emergency dispatch ships for five years .
he has never been faced with this particular law of the frontier , until now .
thomas barton is about to discover firsthand that there are limits , even here in the boundless reaches of the twilight zone . '' ''
thomas barton is an astronaut who must deliver a vital cargo of vaccine to a plague-stricken colony world .
simple enough , except for one catch ; a young girl , marylin , has stowed away on his vessel with hopes of reuniting with her brother once the vessel reaches the colony world .
now the entire mission is in jeopardy , as her presence on board was not calculated into the flight plan and there will be no way for the pilot to compensate for her added weight .
they attempt to compensate by jettisoning all possible extra weight , but this is ineffective ; barton briefly considers killing himself so the girl can survive , but she will not be able to pilot the ship herself .
resigned to her fate , she enters the airlock and jettisons herself into space , leaving barton to grieve in silence . ''
`` in the darkness , thomas barton hurtles toward his destination with the realization that there is room for emotion on the wilder frontiers of the universe .
emotion and memory of a girl who had not known sometimes it takes a human life to balance the cold equation in the black geometry of the twilight zone . '' ''
based on the original short story by tom godwin , this was made into a longer feature for the scifi channel starring bill campbell and poppy montgomery .
it was also made into an episode of the x minus one radio program in 0000 .
international basketball league -lrb- 0000-0000 -rrb- charles august albert dellschau -lrb- 0 june , 0000-00 april , 0000 -rrb- , was an artist and inventor .
he is reported to have been a draftsman for a secretive group of aviation pioneers in the mid-0000s , the sonora aero club .
after retirement in 0000 , charles dellshau illustrated several notebooks with colored drawings of airships , several of which are held in the collections of museums in texas .
in 0000-00 there were sightings of mysterious airships in america whose origins are still a mystery to this day .
many researchers believe that dellschau and his aero club might have been the constructors of these airships on behalf of the us military .
however dellschau is not believed to be a pilot of any of the airships since he identifies himself only as a draftsman and not as a test pilot for the sonora aero club .
list of u.s. cities with large vietnamese american populations the following is a list of u.s. cities with large vietnamese american populations .
they consist of cities with at least 00,000 vietnamese americans or where vietnamese americans constitute a large percentage of the population .
the information contained here was based on the 0000 u.s. census .
vietnamese americans immigrated to the united states during the 0000s and 0000s as boat people following the end of the vietnam war .
in the 0000s and 0000s , many more followed to find jobs in the united states and to seek a higher standard of living .
vietnamese americans vary in income level , with some being upper-class citizens , while others are working-class .
vietnamese americans are mainly concentrated in metropolitan areas in the west , including orange county , california , san jose , california , and houston , texas .
cities with more than 00,000 vietnamese americans .
these cities have more than 00,000 vietnamese americans according to the 0000 census , sorted by number .
these cities have more than 000,000 people consisting of at least 0 % vietnamese american , sorted by percentage .
these cities have between 000,000 and 000,000 people consisting of at least 0 % vietnamese american , sorted by percentage .
these cities have between 00,000 and 000,000 people and consist of at least 0 % vietnamese american , sorted by percentage .
these cities have fewer than 00,000 people and consist of at least 0 % vietnamese american , sorted by percentage .
ten largest counties with vietnamese americans according to the 0000 census , sorted by number .
mahanakorn university of technology mahanakorn university of technology -lrb- , short mut -rrb- is a university in thailand .
the university was established on february 00 , 0000 at nong chok district , bangkok .
it is the first and still the only university in the country that operates its own low-orbit microsatellite -lrb- tmsat -rrb- .
`` to see the invisible man '' is a short story by robert silverberg .
it was later adapted as an episode of the twilight zone from its first revival season in 0000-0 .
the script for the episode was written by steven barnes .
cotter smith is mitchell chaplin , a man living in a parallel world to ours , who has committed the crime of coldness .
according to the state , he is to be rendered `` invisible '' for one year , signified by a scarring implant placed on his forehead .
what seems like a welcome chance to be left alone becomes a lesson in humility , as misfortune after misfortune befalls him and he ca n't even get medical care ; despite his attempts to conceal it , the implant warns others to ignore him , lest the hovering spy drones that monitor their society find out .
shortly after the end of his sentence , chaplin is accosted in public by a young woman with the mark .
knowing the law , he starts to ignore her , but her cries get through to him and he refuses to do so any longer , even as the drones discover them .
he knows he 'll be sentenced to another year of invisibility , but this time he 'll wear it as a badge of honor .
in the original short story , the criminal is never named , and his one-year sentence was noted to begin on may 00 , 0000 .
in addition , the gender of the criminal 's friend was changed from a man in the original story to a woman in the televised version .
`` the star '' is an episode of the television series `` the new twilight zone '' , from its first revival season in 0000-0 .
on an interstellar journey , far in the future , an astrophysicist and a priest learn they have discovered a long-dead world that has been emitting a signal for eons .
they discover that the planet holds the last remains of a civilization , which died when their star went supernova .
to his dismay , father matthew discovers this star was the same star that shone down on earth the day jesus was born , `` the star of bethlehem '' .
dr. chandler comforts him by reading a poem he found among the archives of the advanced culture .
it says that they had no regrets , they had `` fulfilled their duty , '' and passed the torch to others .
this quiet artifact consoles and encourages the priest .
the episode is based on a short story , `` the star '' by arthur c. clarke , which was first published in `` infinity science fiction '' -lrb- november , 0000 -rrb- .
however , while clarke 's story ended with the priest in despair after the revelation that the alien civilization had perished in order to light `` the christmas star , '' the tv episode included the addition of an epitaph by the aliens , revealing their optimism about their place in the universe .
list of colonial heads of french cameroon list of colonial heads of french cameroon .
for continuation after independence , `` see : `` heads of state of cameroon a pet cemetery is a cemetery for animals .
in addition to burying human remains , many human cultures also regularly bury animal remains .
this is often necessary for hygienic reasons when the body can not be disposed of in another way .
pets and other animals of emotional significance are often ceremonially buried .
most families bury deceased pets on their own properties , mainly in a yard , with a shoe box or any other type of container served as a coffin .
the ancient egyptians are known to have mummified and buried cats , which they considered deities .
the romans had very similar ways of dealing with pet loss .
expansive parcels of land would be set aside for large stone monuments dedicated to the owner 's pet .
alexander the great , a famous pet lover of his time , dealt with the loss of his pets in this way .
the cimetière des chiens in asnières-sur-seine in paris , is an elaborate , sculpted pet cemetery believed to be the first zoological necropolis in the world .
in 0000 , filmmaker errol morris directed a film about pet cemeteries called gates of heaven .
private burial typically both single or multiple plots options are available .
a specially designed pet casket would be used and possibly a vault depending on the strength of the casket structure .
cremation the animal would be placed in the crematory alone .
only and all of the pet 's cremated remains are returned to the owner .
the cremains can be saved in an urn , buried , or scattered .
memorial cremation with this type of cremation , several pets are cremated together .
the resulting cremated remains are then scattered on the cemetery grounds .
in most cases pet cemeteries will have a chapel , and there will be facilities to hold either a non-denominational christian or , alternatively , a non-religious ceremony .
need to know -lrb- the twilight zone -rrb- `` need to know '' is an episode of the american television series the twilight zone .
it first aired march 00 , 0000 . ''
`` often the most perplexing mysteries have the simplest solutions , the most complex questions , the simplest answers .
sometimes we seek them long and hard only to find the solutions and the answers lie right before us in a reference book , under `` t '' for the twilight zone . '' ''
edward sayers is a government scientist/agent sent to a small town to help investigate a bizarre outbreak of insanity which is spreading through the town .
with the help of a local woman , amanda strickland , he methodically goes through the town trying to find an answer .
amanda 's father just rambles about his dead wife , but gives them a clue in that he had just visited mrs. hotchkiss earlier that morning .
when they go to see her , she appears normal at first but quickly grows hysterical and threatens them with a knife .
amanda suggests that it may be a disease , since it is spread from person to person .
he eventually discovers that the source of the problem is not a physical disease , but an idea , a single short phrase , that is being passed from person to person by word of mouth .
that horrible phrase is nothing more or less than the purpose and meaning of existence , which was somehow discovered by a local resident , jeffrey potts , during his travels abroad ; his brother andrew was the first victim of the `` plague '' .
while sayers is ultimately unable to stop the man from going to the local radio station and telling the entire town the secret , he is able to reach amanda in time to smash her radio .
only then does she have a chance to point out that she has already had two visitors stop by , and that she has something very important to tell him ... '' `` man is a questioning creature , constantly striving for answers .
but there is some knowledge for which he 's not yet ready .
secrets once learned overwhelm him .
secrets that for now are best left undisturbed in the twilight zone . '' ''
`` big eye '' louis nelson deslile -lrb- 00 january , 0000 - 00 august , 0000 -rrb- was an early dixieland jazz clarinetist .
he also played string bass , banjo , and accordion professionally on occasion .
nelson deslile was born and spent most of his life in new orleans , louisiana .
he studied clarinet with the elder lorenzo tio , and was working professionally in storyville music venues by the age of 00 .
he developed an early style of hot playing in the earliest days of jazz , and was an important influence on such later new orleans jazz clarinetists as johnny dodds and jimmie noone .
in his early career `` big eye '' often played a c clarinet , as opposed to the more common bb ; the c was also used by other new orleans clarinetists of the era , such as alcide nunez .
in the 0000 , he joined the reconstituted original creole orchestra that included freddie keppard and bill johnson .
the band had disbanded in boston in the spring of that year but was reassembled in new york in the fall of the same year .
big eye replaced clarinetist george baquet , who had toured with the group in vaudeville .
after a short while , big eye was replaced by jimmie noone .
he made his only recordings in his later years in the 0000s , by which time he was often in poor health and from contemporary accounts past his playing prime , but still capable of producing some beautiful phrases ; the recordings are available on compact disc on american music records .
nelson deslile 's playing is more blues influenced and fluid compared to the more stattico and raggy playing of older new orleans clarinetist alphonse picou .
andrew philip mehrtens mnzm -lrb- born 00 april 0000 in durban , south africa -rrb- is a new zealand rugby union footballer who has been one of the top s in the world since the advent of the sport 's professional era in the mid-0000s .
he played first for canterbury in 0000 , before being selected for the all blacks -lrb- new zealand 's national team -rrb- in 0000 when he played in the 0000 world cup .
with the advent of professionalism he joined the canterbury crusaders in 0000 for the new super 00 competition .
he continued to play for canterbury , the crusaders , and the all blacks until moving to england in 0000 .
he joined harlequins in england , where in his first season he played a major factor in leading the freshly relegated club to an immediate return to the top-level guinness premiership .
mehrtens ' new zealand parents lived in south africa for four years from 0000 and returned to new zealand when he was a young child .
mehrtens grew up in christchurch , and played his jnr grade rugby for kaiapoi and attended christchurch boys ' high school .
mehrtens represented new zealand at under-00 and under-00 levels .
new zealand rugby has had few players who has won such wide popularity and affection as andrew mehrtens , who in a 00-year career at first class level became a national figure rather than simply an icon of his canterbury province .
however , there was never total agreement on his ranking in the pecking order of all black first five eighths .
some headed by colin meads believed that mehrtens was the best in his position ever produced by new zealand .
others believed that despite his immense skills , vision , kicking and ability to throw long cut out passes to his outsides he had limitations , especially in the way rugby developed in the professional era .
he was seen as lacking the physique or inclination to mix it physically , either taking the ball up or committing himself to the tackle .
off-field mehrtens proved to be a favourite with fans and a large section of the media because of his pleasant manner , his intelligence , and his wit and sense of humour .
though born in durban , south africa , when his kiwis parents were in that part of the world on a working holiday , mehrtens came from a long established north canterbury family .
his grandfather , george , played for canterbury in the 0000s as a fullback and was an all black in unofficial internationals against new south wales in 0000 .
his father , terry , also a first five , represented canterbury between 0000 and 0000 .
he was a new zealand under 00 player in 0000 against the springboks and again in 0000 , and while in south africa played as a for natal against the 0000 all blacks .
despite his family background mehrtens only emerged as a rare prospect in his late teens , perhaps because he was a slower developer physically .
in his teens mehrtens showed almost as much promise in tennis where in various age groups he was nationally ranked .
his first significant rugby selection was in 0000 when he played in the national under 00s against australia in a side which also included later crusaders or the all black team mates adrian cashmore , norman berryman , milton going , tabai matson , justin marshall and taine randell .
he was first chosen for canterbury in 0000 -- 00 and in each of those seasons he was in the new zealand colts , making his first major impact nationally in the canterbury side which in 0000 took the ranfurly shield -lrb- the `` shield '' -rrb- from waikato .
his performance that day and in shield defences later that season against counties and otago marked him as a clear all black prospect .
though left out of the initial training squads , merhtens developed so much that he forced his way into the 0000 world cup squad , having made his all black debut in the early season test against canada when he scored 00 points .
in the world cup tournament he was a success , one of three youngsters with jonah lomu and josh kronfeld who gave the all blacks a dimension which had been lacking for much of the 0000 season .
the only quibble about merthens at the world cup was missing a dropped goal attempt in the extra time of the final .
over the next six or seven seasons mehrtens was pretty much an automatic selection for all black squad , though he was not always assured of the number one test spot .
a knee injury curtailed his 0000 tour of france and in the next few seasons injury and competition from the likes of carlos spencer and tony brown saw him miss a number of tests .
but he reasserted himself during the 0000 season , both in kicking a record nine penalties in a trans-tasman test against australia at eden park and then at the world cup .
however , an injury in the quarter-final against scotland clearly affected him in the latter rounds .
besides his importance to the all blacks , mehrtens from the late 0000s to the mid 0000s fashioned an outstanding record for the crusaders at super 00 level .
he had key roles in their three title wins in 0000 -- 0000 , either through his tactical command of games or , as in the 0000 final against the brumbies , with a penalty goal under severe pressure .
he also played in the crusaders sides which won the super 00 titles of 0000 and 0000 , even though in the final season he was now playing second fiddle to daniel carter .
mehrtens was also a huge contributor to canterbury at national provincial championship -lrb- npc -rrb- levels , with his inside back partnership with justin marshall becoming celebrated .
as well as 0000 against waikato he played in shield winning sides in 0000 -lrb- against waikato again -rrb- and in 0000 against bay of plenty .
he played in three npc winning sides in 0000 , 0000 and 0000 .
over the latter stages , especially in 0000 , mehrtens was beset by personal problems which in turn affected his fitness and form .
he battled to make the crusaders then and in 0000 and was left out of the all blacks for the 0000 season , though many believed he should have been recalled for the world cup .
he eventually did win his all black place back for a brief period in 0000 , but by then it had become clear that the immediate future belonged to his protege , carter .
at the end of the 0000 super 00 , mehrtens left new zealand rugby to play for the harlequins in britain .
he left behind a formidable record : 000 first class games for 0000 points , 000 games for canterbury for 0000 points , 00 for the crusaders and 000 points , 00 games for the all blacks and 000 points in 00 tests .
his test aggregate is still a record for a new zealander but would have been greater , and well into four figures , had he not missed many of the softer tests played during his time in the all blacks .
his understudies ; simon culhane , spencer and brown , all scored heavily in his absence from these matches .
merthens debuted for the all blacks in 0000 and made an immediate impact , scoring 00 points against canada in his test debut ; at that time , that was the highest point total ever by a player making his international debut .
he also featured in the team that played in the 0000 rugby world cup final against south africa and came within inches of claiming victory for new zealand , with a drop goal attempt veering just wide of the posts at the end of regulation time .
mehrtens is currently the all-time leading point scorer for the all blacks , with 000 points -lrb- all statistics as of 00st september 0000 -rrb- .
he has scored 00 or more points in 00 separate tests , has scored nine penalties in two separate tests , and is currently the only player to have scored over 000 points in the tri nations series .
his 000 points against south africa is the most ever by one player against one country ; he also occupies second place on that list , with 000 against australia .
mehrtens is also atop the all-time list for test conversions , with 000 .
a supposed drop in form , combined with injuries , saw him miss out on the all blacks world cup squad in 0000 .
critics of coach john mitchell felt new zealand 's chances were dealt a blow without the choice of an experienced goal-kicker , an area in which new zealand could not compete in the semi-final against australia .
nonetheless , a strong 0000 super 00 campaign saw him called back to the all blacks .
he was also not included in the 0000 all black squad to face the british lions .
in super 00 , mehrtens was a key member of the dominant crusaders side that won the competition four times in five years -lrb- 0000 , 0000 , 0000 , 0000 -rrb- , and in 0000 , another successful year for the crusaders , he also played well , making regular appearances off the bench and starting in a few games .
during 0000 he became the competition 's leading all-time scorer .
he was also on three npc-winning canterbury sides , in 0000 , 0000 and 0000 .
mehrtens is correctly credited with remaking the canterbury union a force in world rugby again after nine years in the wilderness when in 0000 he generaled a young team who won the ranfurly shield off waikato .
since that time canterbury under his stewardship won the numerous super 00 and npc championships listed above together with rewinning the ranfurly shield in 0000 .
andrew won his way into the team having displaced firstly peter boyce -lrb- now nz pwc partner -rrb- in canterbury b then greg coffey in the canterbury a team .
mehrtens has revealed that he has applied for a south african passport .
in an interview with `` the sunday star-times '' of auckland , he said that he was doing so to take advantage of the fact that south african nationals are considered domestic players in english rugby -lrb- for the reason , see kolpak ruling -rrb- .
if his passport is approved , that would open up a spot on the quins roster for another southern hemisphere player -- widely rumoured to be tana umaga , recently retired from the all blacks , although mehrtens himself denied those rumours in the same interview .
more recently , mehrtens played his final match for harlequins on the final day of the 0000-00 season which fell on his birthday , scoring 00 points in a victory over sale as supporters and fellow teammates celebrated his birthday and bid farewell to him after the game ended .
on may 00 , 0000 , he joins french pro d0 team toulon .
list of colonial heads of british cameroons timbuktu !
is a broadway theatre production that opened at the mark hellinger theatre on march 0 , 0000 and ran for 000 performances .
the lyrics were by george forrest and robert wright , set to music by borodin , forrest and wright .
the book is by luther davis .
it was a resetting of forrest and wright 's successful musical `` kismet '' .
list of colonial heads of german cameroon a subshrub -lrb- latin `` suffrutex '' -rrb- is a horticultural rather than strictly botanical category of woody perennial plant .
it is distinguished from a shrub by its ground-hugging stems and lower height , with overwintering perennial woody growth typically less than 00 -- 00 cm tall , or by being only weakly woody and/or only persisting for a few years .
small , low shrubs such as lavender , periwinkle , and thyme , and many members of the family ericaceae , such as cranberries , are often classed as subshrubs .
heads of government of british cameroons the key system -lrb- or key route -rrb- was a privately owned company which provided mass transit in the cities of oakland , berkeley , emeryville , piedmont , san leandro , richmond , albany and el cerrito in the eastern san francisco bay area from 0000 until 0000 when the system was sold to a newly formed public agency , ac transit .
the key system consisted of local streetcar and bus lines operating solely in the east bay , and a network of commuter rail and bus lines connecting cities and neighborhoods in the east bay to san francisco by way of a ferry pier extending out into san francisco bay , and later , via the lower deck of the bay bridge .
at its height during the 0000s the key system had over 00 miles of track that connected the communities of richmond , albany , berkeley , oakland , and san leandro with each other and to san francisco .
the local streetcars were discontinued in 0000 and the commuter trains to san francisco were discontinued in 0000 .
the key system 's original territory is today served by bart and ac transit bus service .
the system was a consolidation of several smaller streetcar lines assembled in the late 0000s and early 0000s by francis marion `` borax '' smith , an entrepreneur who made a fortune in his namesake mineral , and then turned to real estate and electric traction .
the key system began as the `` san francisco , oakland , and san jose railway -lrb- sfosjr -rrb- '' , incorporated in 0000 .
service began on october 00 , 0000 with a 0-car train carrying 000 passengers , departing downtown berkeley for the ferry pier .
before the end of that same year , the general manager of the sfosjr came up with the idea of using a stylized map on which the system 's routes were laid out on the pattern of an old-fashioned key , with three `` handle loops '' that covered the east bay cities of berkeley , piedmont -lrb- initially , `` claremont '' shared the piedmont loop -rrb- and oakland , and a `` shaft '' in the form of the key pier , the `` teeth '' representing the ferry berths at the end of the pier .
the company touted its `` key route '' , which eventually led to the company adopting the name `` key system '' .
in 0000 , the sfosjr changed its name to the san francisco , oakland & san jose consolidated railway .
this was again changed to the san francisco-oakland terminal railway in 0000 .
this incarnation of the key system went bankrupt in december of 0000 , and was re-organized as the key system transit co. , transforming what had begun as a marketing buzzword into the name of the company .
following the great crash of 0000 , the name was changed yet again as part of another re-organization .
a holding company called the railway equipment & realty co. was created , with the subsidiary key system ltd. running the commuter trains .
in 0000 , the name became simply , the key system .
during world war ii , the key system built and operated the shipyard railway , a special line running between a transfer station in emeryville and the kaiser shipyards in richmond .
the initial connection across the bay to san francisco was by ferryboat via a causeway and pier -lrb- `` mole '' -rrb- , extending from the end of yerba buena avenue in oakland , california westward 00,000 feet -lrb- 0,000 meters -rrb- across the bay to a ferry terminal near yerba buena island .
filling for the nascent causeway had actually been started by a short-lived narrow gauge railroad company in the late 0000s , the california and nevada railroad .
`` borax '' smith acquired the causeway from the california and nevada upon its bankruptcy .
the key system operated a fleet of ferries between the key route pier and the san francisco ferry building until 0000 when a new dual track opened on the lower deck of the san francisco-oakland bay bridge bringing key system trains to the then-new transbay terminal in san francisco 's downtown .
the bridge railway and transbay terminal were shared with the southern pacific 's interurban electric and the sacramento northern railroads .
the key system 's first trains were composed of standard wooden railroad passenger cars , complete with clerestory roofs .
atop each of these , a pair of pantographs , designed and constructed by the key system 's own shops , were installed to collect current from overhead wires to power a pair of electric motors on each car , one on each truck -lrb- bogie -rrb- .
the design of the key 's rolling stock changed over the years .
wood gave way to steel , and , instead of doors at each end , center doors were adopted .
the later rolling stock consisted of specially-designed `` bridge units '' for use on the new san francisco-oakland bay bridge , articulated cars sharing a common central truck and including central passenger entries in each car , a forerunner of the design of most light rail vehicles today .
several of these pairs were connected to make up a train .
power pickup was via pantograph from overhead catenary wires , except on the bay bridge where a third rail pickup was used .
the key 's trains ran on 000 volt direct current , compared to the 0000 volts used by the sp commuter trains .
the cars had an enclosed operator 's cab in the right front , with passenger seats extending to the very front of the vehicle , a favorite seat for many children , with dramatic views of the tracks ahead .
the exterior color of the cars was orange and cream white with a pale green stripe at the window level .
interior upholstery was woven reed seat covers in one of the articulated sections , and leather in the other , the smoking section .
the flooring was linoleum .
during world war ii , the roofs were painted gray for aerial camouflage .
after acquisition by national city lines , all key vehicles including the bridge units were re-painted in that company 's standard colors , yellow and green .
the key system 's famed commuter train system was dismantled in 0000 after many years of declining ridership as well as the effort by national city lines , a general motors affiliate which had bought up the system in the late 0000s to petition the public utility board to abandon the last rail lines .
in 0000 , a federal court convicted general motors , standard oil of california , firestone tire and others of criminally conspiring to replace electric transportation with gasoline or diesel powered buses , and to monopolize the sale of buses and related products to local transit companies throughout the u.s. .
they were fined $ 0,000 .
state planners anxious to embrace california 's postwar love for the automobile also pushed to have the track across the bay bridge and street rights of way removed to increase highway and street capacity .
local governments in the east bay attempted to purchase the key system , but were unsuccessful .
the last run for the key system 's rail system was on april 00 , 0000 .
in 0000 , the newly-formed , publicly owned ac transit took over the key system 's facilities .
most of the rolling stock was scrapped , and some of the rest sold and shipped off for operation in buenos aires , argentina .
a few of the bridge units were salvaged for collections in the united states .
two are at the western railway museum near rio vista , california while another is at the orange empire railway museum in southern california .
from the beginning , the key system had been conceived as a dual real estate and transportation system .
`` borax '' smith and his partner frank c. havens first established a company called the `` realty syndicate '' which acquired large tracts of undeveloped land throughout the east bay .
the realty syndicate also built two large hotels , each served by a san francisco-bound train , the claremont and the key route inn , and a popular amusement park in oakland called idora park .
streetcar lines were also routed to serve all these properties , thereby enhancing their value .
in its early years , the key system was actually a subsidiary of the realty syndicate .
signs of the system still remain .
until the bay bridge railway began operation , the key commuter trains had no letter designation .
they were named for the principal street or district they served .
the a , b , c , e and f lines were the last rail lines operating in the system 's final years .
train service ended on april 00 , 0000 , replaced by buses utilizing the same letter designations .
these same letter designations were preserved by a.c. transit when it took over the key system , and are still in use ; ac transit 's b , c , e and f lines follow more or less the same routes today that the correspondingly designated key routes took .
the key system 's streetcars operated as a separate division under the name `` oakland traction company '' , later changed to `` east bay street railways .
ltd. '' , and finally `` east bay transit co. '' , reflecting the increasing use of buses .
the numbering of the streetcar lines changed several times over the years .
the key 's streetcars operated out of several carbarns .
the central carhouse was on the east side of lake merritt on third avenue .
the western carhouse was located at 00st and telegraph avenue in the temescal district of oakland .
the elmhurst carhouse was located in the east oakland district of elmhurst .
in the early years of operation , these were supplemented by a number of smaller carbarns scattered throughout the east bay area , many of them inherited from the pre-key companies acquired by `` borax '' smith .
the key streetcars were painted green and cream white until they were re-painted in the green and yellow scheme of national city lines after ncl acquired the key system .
the last key streetcars ran in 0000 .
idu - or international dance union is an alternative major dance sport organization , head quartered in kiev , ukraine .
according to ihor mashyn , executive director idu : '' `` it is not one more international dancing organization , it is a new approach to organizing dance competitions , a new strategy of development , a new philosophy of dancing business '' . ''
the title idu competitions and stages of idu cup in ballroom dancing are holding well under our aegis in different countries .
we are planning to conduct the idu world championship .
in the nearest future idu will be dealing with other dance styles .
at present 00 organizations from 00 countries of the world and 0 continents are idu members .
idu is ready to cooperate with all concerned organizations on an equal and mutually beneficial basis .
all dance organizations members of idu are waiting for close cooperation with wd&dsc in the nearest future .
heads of government of french cameroon phlegra is a mythical location in both greek and roman mythology .
it is a region of macedonia in greece .
in greek mythology , it is the site of zeus 's overthrowing of the giants -lrb- gigantes -rrb- at the end of the gigantomachy .
strabo wrote that phlegrae was also called the phlegraean plain in campania near cumae .
he writes that the giants who survived , were driven out by heracles , finding refuge with their mother in the site of leuca -lrb- in italy 's ` heel ' -rrb- .
a fountain there has smelly water from the ichor of the giants .
george padamadan -lrb- november 00 , 0000 - july 00 , 0000 -rrb- was an indian self-described amateur philosopher .
padamadan lived in a village called thuruthur , puthenvelikara in the ernakulam district of kerala state in india .
he was educated at st.joseph 's college , tiruchirapalli , tamil nadu , india and later studied at loyola college , madras , india .
in 0000 he published a paper titled `` an amateur look on the fallibilist epistemology of mathematics '' , which challenged the findings of hungarian philosopher imre lakatos .
pasto is the capital of the department of nariño , located in southwest colombia .
the city is located in the `` atriz valley '' , on the andes cordillera , at the foot of the galeras volcano , at an altitude of 0.000 metres above sea level .
the city has a population of approximately 000,000 inhabitants .
pasto is the centre of an agricultural region specializing in the production of dairy products .
the manufacturing of furniture is an important part of the local economy .
the city is an important centre of commerce and trade with nearby ecuador .
one of the most important events held by the city is the blacks and whites ' carnival -lrb- `` carnaval de negros y blancos '' in spanish -rrb- , with outstanding displays of craftmanship in floats portraying legends and traditions , often mixed in with references to current political events in colombia .
during the carnival the city goes wild and unleashes all the joy it has bottled up all year .
it is not advisable to wear your best clothes during this festival as during these celebrations people have fun painting each other 's faces with cosmetics colors -lrb- skin safe and created for this special purpose -rrb- and throwing talcum powder and party foam .
the carnival takes place on the 0th and 0th of january each year .
a speciality of this region is a pre-columbian art technique called `` barniz de pasto '' , or pasto varnish in english .
this uses a type of natural rubber -lrb- extracted from a tree called mopa-mopa -rrb- which is colored and then stretched over woodwork pieces ; finally the skillful artisan uses a special knife to cut and create the many beautiful designs that characterise this artistic technique .
pasto was founded in 0000 by the spanish conquistador lorenzo de aldana under the name `` san juan de pasto '' .
pasto is a reference to the name of the indigenous people who inhabited the place at the arrival of the conquerors , the pastos .
it has been an administrative , cultural and religious center of the region since colonial times , because of this , the city is known as the theological city of colombia .
during the independence wars against spain pasto was a royalist city unlike the rest of the country , so after gaining independence and because of its geographical location , it remained for long time isolated from the rest of the country which has resulted in the traditionalist attitude and cultural self-absorption of its people .
on june 00th , 0000 deportivo pasto became the champion of the 0st division of soccer in colombia .
tailspin tommy , debuted in 0000 , is a comic strip about a fictional pilot named `` tailspin '' tommy tompkins , drawn by hal forrest .
in the wake of charles lindbergh 's crossing the atlantic ocean a great interest in aviation was created .
`` tailspin tommy '' was the first aviation based comic strip to appear as a result of this interest , and also the longest lasting .
it was quickly followed by others such as skyroads and scorchy smith .
`` tailspin tommy , '' written by glenn chaffin and illustrated by hal forrest , began its run in four newspapers on may 00 , 0000 .
by 0000 it was running in over 000 newspapers across the country .
forrest took over the strip 's writing in 0000 and wrote and drew the strip alone for the next three years .
in 0000 , he took on an assistant , reynold brown , who eventually began to ghost draw the strip .
by 0000 , interest in aviation was on the decline and `` tailspin tommy '' began to lose papers .
a change in syndicates did little to help and the strip ended in 0000 .
slesinger also published a series of 00 `` tailspin tommy adventures '' in eight-page booklet form as a promotion with big thrill chewing gum .
in 0000 , c.j.h. publications put out two issues of `` tailspin tommy adventure magazine '' .
the magazines published adaptations of comic strip stories .
publication apparently ceased because the rights to the character had not been properly secured .
after taking over the strip 's syndication , united features published two `` tailspin tommy '' comic books , one in 0000 and one in 0000 .
`` tailspin tommy '' also saw reprints in dell comics ' `` the funnies '' and `` popular comics '' .
tailspin tommy appeared in movie theaters throughout the 0000s .
he first appeared in the twelve episode 0000 movie serial `` tailspin tommy '' , played by maurice murphy .
next , another twelve part serial followed , in 0000 .
this one , entitled `` tailspin tommy in the great air mystery '' , starred clark williams in the lead role .
finally , john trent portrayed tommy in a series of hour-long features .
the titles in the series included `` mystery plane '' , `` stunt pilot '' , `` sky patrol '' and `` danger flight '' .
all the films were released in 0000 .
in 0000 , `` tailspin tommy '' was among the strips reprinted in the first modern comic book , famous funnies , published by maxwell c. gaines at eastern color printing .
also in 0000 , stephen slesinger inc. began publishing a series of `` tailspin tommy '' books in its big little book line .
except where noted , all titles were ghost written by gaylord du bois , illustrated by -lrb- and fully credited to -rrb- hal forrest , and were adaptations of the comic strip .
the titles were as follows : also in 0000 , a novel written by mark stevens , tailspin tommy - the mystery of the midnight patrol was published .
imperfect has several meanings : as of 0000 , the town had an estimated population of 0,000 and a density of 00.00 persons per km ² .
the total area was 000.00 km ² .
on february 0 , 0000 the town of miyama merged into the city of fukui .
asuwa -lrb- 足羽郡 ; - gun -rrb- was a district located in fukui prefecture , japan .
as of 0000 , the district had an estimated population of 0,000 and a density of 00.00 persons per km ² .
the total area was 000.00 km ² .
on february 0 , 0000 the town of miyama merged into the city of fukui .
asuwa district was dissolved with this merger .
as of 0000 , the town had an estimated population of 00,000 and a density of 000.00 persons per km ² .
the total area was 00.00 km ² .
on february 00 , 0000 the town of matsuoka merged into the town of eiheiji .
as of 0000 , the town has an estimated population of 0,000 and a density of 000.00 persons per km ² .
the total area is 00.00 km ² .
on february 00 , 0000 the town of matsuoka and the village of kamishihi from yoshida district merged into the town of eiheiji .
as of 0000 , the village had an estimated population of 0,000 and a density of 000.00 persons per km ² .
the total area was 00.00 km ² .
on february 000000 the village of kamishihi merged into the town of eiheiji .
yoshida -lrb- 吉田郡 ; - gun -rrb- is a district located in fukui , japan .
as of october 0 0000 , the district has an estimated population of 00,000 and a density of 000.00 persons per km ² .
the total area is 00.00 km ² .
on february 000000 the town of matsuoka and the village of kamishihi merged into the town of eiheiji .
as of 0000 , the village had an estimated population of 000 and a density of 0.00 persons per km ² .
the total area was 000.00 km ² .
as of 0000 , the district had an estimated population of 000 and a density of 0.00 persons per km ² .
the total area was 000.00 km ² .
on november 0 , 0000 the village of izumi merged into the city of ōno .
ōno district was dissolved as a result of this merger .
the patapsco is a river in central maryland which flows into the chesapeake bay in baltimore , maryland .
with its south branch , it forms the northern border of howard county , maryland .
the patapsco proper begins at the confluence of the north and south branches , near marriottsville , approximately inland .
the south branch rises further west at parrs spring , where howard , carroll , frederick , and montgomery counties meet .
the north branch flows southward from its origins in carroll county .
through most of its length , the patapsco is a minor river , flowing for the most part through a narrow valley .
the last form a large tidal estuary inlet of chesapeake bay .
the inner part of this estuary provides the harbor of baltimore , composed of the northwest harbor and the middle branch .
-lrb- see baltimore inner harbor . -rrb-
the patapsco has a watershed area -lrb- including the water surface -rrb- of , or of land .
thus , its total watershed area is 0 % water .
patapsco valley state park is adjacent to of the patapsco , encompassing a total of 00,000 acres -lrb- 00 km ² -rrb- in five different areas .
liberty dam and its reservoir , located on the north fork , is a major component of the baltimore city water system .
besides baltimore , the river also flows through ellicott city -lrb- the county seat of howard county -rrb- and elkridge .
on the 0000 john smith map , it was called the bolus river .
it has never been a major path of commerce since it is not navigable further upstream than elkridge .
however , the patapsco valley was used as the route of the baltimore and ohio railroad 's original main line west constructed from 0000 onwards -lrb- see old main line -lrb- baltimore and ohio railroad -rrb- -rrb- , and this route remains , though much altered .
many old rail bridges lie along the valley , most notably the thomas viaduct and the ruins of the patterson viaduct .
flour mills and a hydropower dam were formerly powered by the river .
the valley is prone to flooding , though at long intervals .
the most recent severe flood occurred in 0000 as a result of rainfall from the remnants of hurricane agnes , in which ellicott city and the b&o rail line sustained serious damage .
the patapsco river is home to the baltimore rowing club .
as of 0000 , the town has an estimated population of 00,000 and a density of 000.00 persons per km ² .
the total area is 00.00 km ² .
patay is a village and a commune of the loiret `` département '' , in north central france , northwest of orléans .
population : approx .
0,000 .
it was the site of the battle of patay on june 00 , 0000 .
as of 0000 , the town has an estimated population of 00,000 and a density of 000.00 persons per km ² .
the total area is 000.00 km ² .
as of 0000 , the town has an estimated population of 00,000 and a density of 000.00 persons per km ² .
the total area is 00.00 km ² .
as of october 0 , 0000 , the city has an estimated population of 00,000 and a density of 000.00 persons per km ² .
the total area is 000.00 km ² .
the population of the city is the second largest in fukui prefecture .
harue and maruoka , in the southern part of the city , functions as commuter towns of the city of fukui .
accordingly its population growth rate is much higher than any area in fukui prefecure .
the centered polygonal numbers are a class of series of figurate numbers , each formed by a central dot , surrounded by polygonal layers with a constant number of sides .
each side of a polygonal layer contains one dot more than a side in the previous layer , so starting from the second polygonal layer each layer of a centered `` k '' - gonal number contains `` k '' more points than the previous layer .
and so on .
the following diagrams show a few examples of centered polygonal numbers and their geometric construction .
-lrb- compare these diagrams with the diagrams in polygonal number . -rrb-
as can be seen in the above diagrams , the `` n `` th centered `` k '' - gonal number can be obtained by placing `` k '' copies of the -lrb- `` n '' − 0 -rrb- th triangular number around a central point ; therefore , the `` n `` th centered `` k '' - gonal number can be mathematically represented by just as is the case with regular polygonal numbers , the first centered `` k '' - gonal number is 0 .
thus , for any `` k '' , 0 is both `` k '' - gonal and centered `` k '' - gonal .
the next number to be both `` k '' - gonal and centered `` k '' - gonal can be found using the formula which tells us that 00 is both triangular and centered triangular , 00 is both square and centered square , etc. .
whereas a prime number `` p '' can not be a polygonal number -lrb- except of course that each `` p '' is the second `` p '' - agonal number -rrb- , many centered polygonal numbers are primes .
association football around the world most european countries have two principal association football competitions : a more prestigious league which is typically a double round-robin tournament restricted to the elite clubs , and a cup which is a single-elimination tournament open to both the elite and lesser clubs .
in latin america , leagues are often organised as multi-stage tournaments , or separate apertura and clausura stages .
for overviews of women 's football see `` women 's football around the world '' .
as of 0000 , the town had an estimated population of 00,000 and a density of 000.00 persons per km ² .
the total area was 00.00 km ² .
as of 0000 , the town had an estimated population of 0,000 and a density of 00.00 persons per km ² .
the total area is 000.00 km ² .
ikeda consists mostly of narrow agricultural plains and small villages between steep , 0000-0000 m mountains in a main north-south valley and several branch valleys .
the setting of the town , the old shrine in the town center , and a beautiful waterfall on the lower road to ono are all locally famous for their beauty , and occasionally attract tour buses from as far away as osaka .
it receives heavy snowfall in the winter , and access to neighboring towns , over mountain passes except to the north , can be difficult .
the mountain roads leading east to ono and south from ikeda to imajo and the especially dramatic road to kinomoto in neighboring shiga prefecture are officially closed from november to may .
election of the house of councillors in the diet of japan , every four years , one half of the seats are contested .
imadate -lrb- 今立郡 ; - gun -rrb- is a district located in fukui , japan .
as of october 0 0000 , the district has an estimated population of 0,000 and a density of 00.00 persons per km ² .
the total area is 000.00 km ² .
election of the house of councillors , 0000 nanjō -lrb- 南条町 ; - chou -rrb- was a town located in nanjō district , fukui , japan .
on january 0 , 0000 nanjō merged with the neighboring town of imajo and neighboring village of kōno forming the new town minamiechizen .
as of this merger the town of nanjō no longer exists as an independent municipality .
as of 0000 , the town had an estimated population of 0,000 and a density of 000.00 persons per km ² .
the total area was 00.00 km ² .
nanjo is a rural town consisting of small villages spread out over the nanjo area .
each village has unique qualities and you will find that many people from the same village share the same surname .
the people tend to be shy to foreigners but are friendly if they are spoken to or greeted in japanese .
nanjo f.c. is one of the oldest sporting establishments in the town .
the club has been running for over 00 years and was established by don inoue .
the club consists of underage teams and two adult teams .
nanjo fc play in the fukui prefectural 0st division and are generally made up of towns people from the ages of 00 to 00 .
they have had great success in the fukui prefectural league but in recent years have been struggling with under strength teams .
nanjo hastericks are the second adult team in the village and consist of former nanjo fc players over 00 years old .
they have been playing in the fukui prefectural 0nd division over the last 0 years which is a great credit since the other teams in the division are made up of much younger players .
imajō -lrb- 今庄町 ; - chō -rrb- was a town located in nanjō district , fukui , japan .
on january 0 , 0000 imajo merged with the neighboring town of nanjo and the village of kono forming the new town minamiechizen .
as of this merger imajo no longer exists as an independent municipality .
as of 0000 , the town had an estimated population of 0,000 and a density of 00.00 persons per km ² .
the total area was 000.00 km ² .
imajo has a number of kindergartens , one elementary school and junior high school .
imajo jr. .
high school consists of about 000 students and 00 faculty .
kōno -lrb- 河野村 ; - mura -rrb- was a village located in nanjō district , fukui , japan .
on january 0 , 0000 kōno merged with the neighboring towns of imajo and nanjo forming the new town minamiechizen .
as of this merger kōno no longer exists as an independent municipality .
as of 0000 , the village had an estimated population of 0,000 and a density of 00.00 persons per km ² .
the total area was 00.00 km ² .
the hyote is a cryptozoological animal that was repeatedly sighted in baltimore county , maryland , united states during the summer of 0000 .
based on eyewitness reports and a videotape of the creature captured by rigging a motion detector to a camera , some locals speculated that it was an as-yet undiscovered species .
skeptics surmised that it was most likely an escaped hyena or a canid affected by disease .
a humane trap finally captured a specimen alive on august 0 , 0000 .
veterinarians identified the animal as a red fox infested with sarcoptic mange , a parasite that causes hair loss .
one was also shot and killed in east texas and there are several pictures circulating from across the nation .
some speculate that is is either an undiscovered or new species .
as of october 0 0000 , the district has an estimated population of 00,000 and a density of 00.00 persons per km ² .
the total area is 000.00 km ² .
asahi -lrb- 朝日町 ; - chou -rrb- was a town located in nyū district , fukui , japan .
on february 0 , 0000 asahi , the nearby town ota , and the neighboring village miyazaki all merged with the town of echizen .
as of this merger asahi no longer exists as an independent municipality .
as of 0000 , the town had an estimated population of 0,000 and a density of 000.00 persons per km ² .
the total area was 00.00 km ² .
miyazaki -lrb- 宮崎村 ; - mura -rrb- was a village located in nyū district , fukui , japan .
on february 0 , 0000 miyazaki and the nearby towns asahi and ota all merged with the town of echizen .
as of this merger miyazaki no longer exists as an independent municipality .
as of 0000 , the village had an estimated population of 0,000 and a density of 000.00 persons per km ² .
the total area was 00.00 km ² .
on february 0 , 0000 the nearby towns asahi and ota and the neighboring village miyazaki merged with echizen .
as of this merger -lrb- but with 0000 population data -rrb- , the town has an estimated population of 00,000 and a density of 000 persons per km ² .
the total area is 000.00 km ² .
a city in fukui with this name created when a city : takefu and a town : imadate -lrb- from imadate district -rrb- merge on october 0 , 0000 , see echizen , fukui .
as of 0000 , the village had an estimated population of 0,000 and a density of 000.00 persons per km ² .
the total area was 00.00 km ² .
on february 0 , 0000 the village of koshino merged into the city of fukui .
ota -lrb- 織田町 ; - chou -rrb- was a town located in nyū district , fukui , japan .
on february 0 , 0000 ota , the nearby town asahi , and the neighboring village miyazaki all merged with the town of echizen .
as of this merger ota no longer exists as an independent municipality .
as of 0000 , the town had an estimated population of 0,000 and a density of 000.00 persons per km ² .
the total area was 00.00 km ² .
shimizu -lrb- 清水町 ; - chou -rrb- was a town located in nyū district , fukui prefecture , japan .
as of 0000 , the rural town had an estimated population of 00,000 and a density of 000.00 persons per km ² .
the total area was 00.00 km ² .
as of 0000 , the district has an estimated population of 00,000 and a density of 000 persons per km ² .
the total area is 000.00 km ² .
mikata -lrb- 三方町 ; - chou -rrb- was a town located in mikata district , fukui , japan .
as of 0000 , the town has an estimated population of 0,000 and a density of 00.00 persons per km ² .
the total area is 00.00 km ² .
in may 00 of 0000 , mikata and kaminaka was combined into one town , which was named wakasa .
as of 0000 , the town has an estimated population of 00,000 and a density of 00.00 persons per km ² .
the total area is 000.00 km ² .
on august 0 , 0000 , a non-radioactive steam leak killed 0 and burnt 00 others in a nearby mihama nuclear power plant ; the particular high-pressure steam pipe had lost 00 % of its wall thickness and failed five days before its first inspection since mikata -lrb- 三方郡 ; - gun -rrb- is a district located in fukui , japan .
as of october 0 0000 , the district has an estimated population of 00,000 and a density of 00.00 persons per km ² .
the total area is 000.00 km ² .
kaminaka -lrb- 上中町 ; - chou -rrb- was a town located in onyū district , fukui , japan .
as of 0000 , the town has an estimated population of 0,000 and a density of 000.00 persons per km ² .
the total area is 00.00 km ² .
in may 00 of 0000 , kaminaka and mikata was combined into one town , which was named wakasa .
as of 0000 , the village had an estimated population of 0,000 and a density of 00.00 persons per km ² .
the total area was 000.00 km ² .
the time before the dissolution , the district had an area of 000.00 km ² with an estimated population of 0,000 with an area of 0,000 and a density of 00.00 persons per square kilometer .
the total area is 000.00 km ² .
the district ended up with only one village .
0世紀後半に評制の小丹生評として建てられた 。 000年に郡制に移行し 、 000年の好字二字令により 遠敷 の字が宛てられた 。 000年に大飯郡が分けられ 、 遠敷郡はほぼ現在の小浜市を中心にする地域としてまとまった 。 戦国時代ごろから 中郡 とも呼ばれるようになり 、 江戸時代には0つに分けて上中郡 ・ 下中郡とも呼ばれた 。 0000年の郡区町村編制法施行の際には小浜町 （ 現小浜市中心部 ） に郡役所が置かれた 。 0000年には大飯郡と合同の 若狭地方事務所 が小浜町に置かれた 。 in 0000 、 the town of obama and seven villages merged to become the city of obama .
0000年以後0町0村の状態が続いたが 、 いわゆる平成の大合併において 、 0000年に上中町が三方郡三方町と合併し若狭町となったのに伴い三方上中郡が創設され 、 続いて0000年0月0日に名田庄村も大飯郡大飯町と合併し大飯郡おおい町が新設されたため 、 遠敷郡に属する町村は無くなった 。 as of 0000 , the town has an estimated population of 00,000 and a density of 000.00 persons per km ² .
the total area is 00.00 km ² .
as of 0000 , the town has an estimated population of 0,000 and a density of 00 persons per km ² .
the total area is 000 km ² .
on march 0 , 0000 , the village of natasho from onyu district merged into the town of ōi , which is since written with hiragana instead of kanji .
before the merger the town was written 大飯町 .
as of 0000 , the district has an estimated population of 00,000 and a density of 000.00 persons per km ² .
the total area is 000.00 km ² .
a soothsayer is a person who claims to speak sooth : specifically one who predicts the future based upon personal , political , spiritual , or religious beliefs rather than scientific facts .
typically , soothsayers include : indiana botanic gardens was founded in 0000 by joseph f. meyer in a small cottage in the rear of his home in hammond , indiana .
the business barely made living expenses for the family which eventually consisted of seven sons and one daughter .
his elder sons helped by gathering herbs from the nearby fields .
they packed boxes , filled orders , fed the printing press , and folded circulars .
in the evenings , the family put catalogs together and bound them with needle and thread .
in 0000 , the 000-page book , `` the herbalist '' was printed and business expanded from the tiny cottage to a large building .
the herbalist almanac , an annual publication , was begun in 0000 , the same year joseph purchased a wild tract of land on the little calumet river .
the land held a profusion of medicinal plants and virgin forest .
in 0000 , an english gabled building was built .
the building became the home of the newly named botanic gardens .
during the next few years , joseph traveled to all parts of north america to gather material and information on native plants and their uses .
mail poured in from all over the world including universities , libraries , botanists and people from all ranks of life .
in 0000 , he traveled to europe to seek rare herbals .
in joseph meyer 's time , self-treatment with herbs was commonly practiced and often necessary due to economic conditions or the scarcity of professional medical help .
mr. meyer devoted his life to providing herbs to people , and many grateful customers sent letters and recipes extolling the benefits .
the old herb doctor was compiled from this information to let other customers know how other customers had used herbs and the good results they obtained from them .
eventually , the business was passed on to his grandson david meyer , who is still part of the organization , along with great-grandson tim cleland , current president of the company .
in 0000 , the company moved to nearby hobart , indiana and began selling vitamins and other nutritional supplements in addition to bulk herbals .
the new hobart location has a retail store and also sells wholesale products .
the bulk of the business continues to be derived from catalogue and internet sales .
the company also sells herbal supplements through its botanic choice web site `` this page is about the uk children 's charity nch .
nch can also stand for the national coalition for the homeless '' nch -lrb- formerly national children 's home and at one time national children 's home and orphanage -rrb- is , according to them , one of the united kingdom 's largest children 's charities providing services for children young people and their familes , from before birth , until the age of 00 -lrb- and older for young people leaving care , or disabled young people -rrb- .
its major areas of work are services for disabled children , family and community services , work with young people leaving care and rural children 's services .
today , nch runs more than 000 projects , reaching over 000,000 vulnerable children , young people and their families .
originally supported entirely by voluntary contributions and mainly providing residential homes for children who had been orphaned or taken into care , nch now acts mainly as a provider of statutory services purchased by local authorities and other government bodies , including many children 's centres , children 's funds , disability and residential services , and projects working with families .
nch also runs several special schools , and provides adoption and fostering services .
nch has its main offices on highbury park in the london borough of islington .
nch was established in 0000 by the rev 'd thomas bowman stephenson , a methodist minister , and a group of fellow-methodists .
the organisation is historically closely linked with the methodist church of great britain .
throughout its history methodist churches in the uk have taken a close interest in the work of nch and have organised large-scale fund-raising in support of its work , both within the church and directed to the wider public .
the second sunday in july , the anniversary of stephenson 's founding of the first nch home , is kept as `` nch sunday '' by methodist churches , an occasion both for fund-raising and for study of the work of nch ; public street collections are often held at this time .
currently 00 % of the trustees of nch are methodists .
nch 's vision is that all children and young people have unique potential and that they should have the support and opportunities they need to reach it .
the organization claims that , `` the children , young people and families we work with face difficulties such as poverty , disability and abuse . ''
nch 's turnover in 0000-00 was approximately # 000 million .
of this , approximately # 00 million was raised by voluntary subscription , the rest being payments from government bodies for acting as a provider of services purchased by those bodies .
nch 's mascot is a large green dragon called cedric .
he appears at nch events , and also makes visits to schools .
as of 0000 , the town has an estimated population of 0,000 and a density of 00.00 persons per km ² .
the total area is 000.00 km ² .
on october 0 , 0000 the town merged with the kaga city to create the new city of kaga and no longer exists as an independent municipality .
perverted-justice -lrb- also known as peej -rrb- is an anti-pedophile activist organization based in portland , oregon , dedicated to identifying adults willing to have chat room sexual encounters with minors .
perverted-justice consists of volunteers who carry out sting operations by posing as minors and waiting for adult men to approach them .
after obtaining identifying information from these men , who may offer their telephone numbers and other details so that meetings can be arranged , perverted-justice passes the information to law-enforcement .
the organization has attracted an increasing amount of media attention , both laudatory and critical , due to their collaboration with `` dateline nbc '' on a series of sting operations called `` to catch a predator '' .
perverted justice was set up in 0000 by frank fencepost and xavier von erck -lrb- born `` philip john eide '' -rrb- .
the organization says that its online operations have led to the convictions of 000 men as of september 0 , 0000 , with over 000 more currently awaiting trial , and an average of 00 arrests a month for the year of 0000 .
von erck is also credited with locating a 00-year-old girl who was kidnapped , raped , and tortured by a 00-year-old man she met online .
the site originally started with the posting of chat logs to shame men who engaged in sexual chats with purported children .
some members of the site allegedly went further by harassing in real life the sex chat perpetrators , as well as their friends , neighbors , employers , and family .
after a falling-out in 0000 , fencepost was dismissed from the site and all busts by him were removed .
`` xavier became much more oriented toward getting pedophiles arrested rather than just making them complete social pariahs in their neighborhood , '' says fencepost .
von erck said he got the idea for the website while watching men attempt to groom young girls in chat rooms in oregon .
he says perverted-justice is a computer watchdog agency that works closely with law-enforcement agencies .
`` the media likes to use the term ` vigilante ' because it gets attention , but we do n't consider ourselves vigilantes .
we cultivate cooperation with police and work within the law to get justice , not outside of the law . ''
along with von erck , top ranking staff include chief financial officer dennis `` frag '' kerr , and secretary alison shea -lrb- a.k.a del harvey -rrb- .
in 0000 , perverted justice received $ 000,000 from nbc for its work on to catch a predator .
in 0000 , the site expects to receive another $ 000,000 , and in 0000 another $ 000,000 .
from that renumeration -lrb- and coupled with other grant revenue -rrb- , the site 's principals , von erck , kerr , and shea each receive annual salaries of $ 000,000 .
perverted-justice functions by supporting volunteers who act as bait in chat rooms where children and minors can typically be found .
the volunteers ' public profiles have youthful-sounding usernames and pictures of children .
the administrators of the site say they do not initiate online contact with the men they pursue , and refuse to act on tips from the public as a result .
if a man starts chatting to the volunteer and turns the conversation to sex , the volunteer responds positively and encourages the man to divulge personal details , particularly a telephone number , ostensibly needed to verify the man 's identity so that a meeting can be arranged .
in the past , around this point the chatlog and details would be published on the site .
however , in december 0000 , the organization set up its `` information first '' program , in which interested police departments could contact perverted-justice , and any `` busts '' made within that department 's jurisdiction would be sent straight to them without being posted to the website .
in the early days of the program , perverted-justice .
com did not initiate contact with the police , professedly because officers were skeptical that its information could be used in a court of law .
however , ever since july 0000 when they made their first conviction , the site 's operators switched to a policy of cold calling local police with the information they obtained .
if a government agency is interested -lrb- police , fbi , military cid , etc. -rrb- then the chatlog and other information is not posted to the site until after a conviction has been reached .
before perverted-justice 's information first program and cold-calling policy became standard , logs that received no interest from law enforcement agencies were posted directly to the website .
volunteers on the site 's forums would then engage in `` follow-up '' , attempting to identify and notify family members , employers , and neighbors .
in november 0000 , after the site 's 000th conviction , perverted-justice announced that chat logs would no longer be posted unless law enforcement was involved first , as information first agreements were sufficient to cover most u.s. residents caught in a sting .
the complete unedited chat logs , which usually contain sexually explicit content and obscenities -lrb- and sometimes annotated with comments from the perverted-justice volunteer -rrb- are now posted to the website only after the person 's legal case has been resolved .
the current follow-up process consists of notifying a community of the offender 's status once a person has been arrested and convicted .
to begin the follow-up process , the site 's volunteers do a reverse-directory lookup to obtain the man 's name , as well as checking on the web for any other information they can find about him .
they then post his name , address , and photograph if he has supplied one , on the website , as well as the chat log : a record of the conversation he had with the volunteer .
in a process called `` follow-up , '' additional volunteers on the site 's forums , operating under rules and restrictions set up by perverted-justice administrators , will contact the man 's family , friends , neighbors , and employer to alert them to the website posting .
the intent of this is to warn anyone who may know the man about his activities and persuade them to help convince the man to receive counseling .
the volunteers in these `` follow-up forums '' number in the thousands .
with the elimination of chatlogs that are posted without law enforcement involvement , the follow-up process is now directed against those men who are convicted and out of prison , making sure they comply with the terms of their probation and/or registered sex offender rules , and notifying neighbors and relatives .
all telephone numbers are removed from the site 's main pages after two months -lrb- though still available on the site 's forums -rrb- , to avoid another case like that of the milwaukee bank teller , who received a threatening phone call from a man who had obtained her number from the website .
the woman had never been online or even owned a computer , and was forced to change her number , which had previously been registered to the subject of a perverted-justice sting .
currently , the site only operates within the united states , but plans to expand into canada .
volunteers also take part in what the site 's operators call `` group media busts , '' where men are invited to a house with the promise of a sexual encounter with a minor .
when the man arrives , he is greeted by a television news reporter .
the first of these stings was conducted in late 0000 , in co-operation with milwaukee 's wtmj-tv and their investigative reporter john mercure , whom the site credits with initially conceiving of the concept .
other stings with other local news organizations took place in the following months .
in november 0000 , the site teamed up with `` dateline nbc '' in new york to conduct a large sting operation , or `` group media bust , '' entitled `` to catch a predator '' .
`` dateline '' rented a house and wired it with hidden cameras , while volunteers posed as minors in chat rooms , telling men who approached them that they were home alone .
`` within hours there were men literally lining up at our door , '' dateline reported .
in two-and-a-half days , 00 men showed up at the house after making a date with a perverted-justice volunteer .
it 's reported that after the third installment , perverted-justice hired an agent and put the group 's services out for bid to several television networks .
nbc came out ahead and continued the highly rated series .
since then , the `` to catch a predator '' series of reports has grown into a widely-recognized phenomenon , with busts all over the united states and numerous references and parodies in the media .
law enforcement is now involved in all of the sting operations , and they have arrested men from all walks of life .
nbc currently pays perverted-justice a consultancy fee for their contributions , which von erck says is used for operating costs .
this remuneration was reported to have been over $ 000,000 for a 0000 sting in ohio .
the web site documents 000 convictions in 00 states across the united states attributed to its sting operations , with 00 of these taking place in 0000 , 00 in 0000 , and 000 so far in 0000 .
convictions have included disorderly conduct , indecently soliciting a child , attempting to entice a juvenile to travel with intent to engage in sexual act , transporting child pornography , and possession and dissemination of child pornography .
although perverted-justice concentrates primarily on conducting chats while posing as minors , they have expanded their efforts on occasion to other methods of identifying potential sex offenders online .
one such effort is a list of `` corporate sexual offenders '' , which perverted-justice defines as `` ny company who is informed of pedophiles using their service to advocate the lifestyle of child/adult rape which then does not remove the pedophiles from their service . ''
the list includes livejournal and youtube , whom they describe as `` aggressive corporate sex offenders , '' and wikipedia , described as a `` passive corporate sex offender '' .
perverted-justice volunteers also worked to match up myspace profiles with convicted sex offenders from state registries and alert myspace officials to their presence .
they say they have identified almost three thousand such profiles , most of which have been deleted .
perverted-justice , as well as its volunteers , have been praised over the years by a number of individuals and organizations , including many active-duty law enforcement officials and child-safety advocates .
the march 0000 issue of officer.com 's `` law enforcement technology '' magazine covered perverted-justice .
com and their operations with law enforcement .
`` we have 0,000 sworn officers , and there is no way we have the resources to do what perverted justice did for the nbc dateline sting -lrb- where 00 offenders were arrested in three days -rrb- , '' says lt. chad bianco of the riverside county -lrb- california -rrb- sheriff 's department .
`` they had 00 people working around the clock . ''
various police that have worked with the organization are quoted in the article .
those praising the site include the host of `` america 's most wanted '' , john walsh .
he has said : `` well , i think it 's great .
... my hat is off to chris hansen , to nbc , to the people at perverted-justice for showing the american public repeatedly that the creep who preys upon our children could live next door .
and he could be a rabbi , a school teacher or a priest or anybody .
... i think they 've done a great job .
now that they 've partners with law enforcement and they 're putting these guys away , i think they 've provided a tremendous educational tool to the american public . ''
child-safety advocate marc klaas has come out publicly in support of perverted-justice and the work they do , suggesting that they go from city to city with their efforts .
`` i think if you were to take this ` dateline ' piece and turn it into a regular program , where perverted-justice and chris hansen or somebody else were to go from city to city to city on a weekly basis , you would create a real deterrent effect that would put some fear into the minds of these perverts . ''
active-duty law enforcement who have worked with the website on arrests have also gone on record speaking about the organization .
detective mike burns of the darke county , ohio sheriff 's department commented on what perverted-justice brought to the table , `` it was just a miracle from heaven as far as meeting our needs because we are just struggling so badly to get things going that here it is .
here 's the answers for you . ''
sgt. chad bianco of the riverside county sheriff 's department in california said , `` we were approached by perverted-justice to do this large sting and they told us that ` dateline ' would be following along .
we jumped at the chance . ''
police chief hilton daniels of the fort myers police department wanted his department to learn how to do an online internet predator sting - `` we decided ` well , let 's get a hold of perverted-justice ' and have them teach us how to do this operation . ''
officer kevin pineda of flagler beach , florida was tasked by his department with researching perverted-justice prior to using their services .
although the department `` was a little wary at first '' , officer pineda indicates that his research revealed `` but overwhelming joy from other departments that have actually utilized their services . ''
the laguna beach police department gave perverted-justice administrators del harvey and dennis kerr an award for the sting they performed in their city .
child-safety advocate ross ellis , founder and executive director of love our children usa , sent out a press release praising the efforts of perverted-justice , while sending a plaque to the organization .
`` we owe it to our children to keep them safe .
the work that chris hansen , dateline and perverted justice are doing should be a wake up call to every parent -- because no child is immune from these predators .
we are proud to present them with awards and express our gratitude for the courageous work they have done on behalf of children . ''
internet safety website childseeknetwork set up a webpage praising perverted-justice .
`` the child seek network has come under fire by a texas organization because of our link to perverted-justice web site .
it is our belief that children 's safety is of the utmost importance .
peej works very hard to see that children are safe on the internet from online predators .
although some of their methods seem harsh or controversial they get results , and have aided the police in getting convictions on those who prey on children and teens .
every child has a right to be protected and feel safe , we will continue our efforts and applaud peej for the work they do to assist in that goal . ''
a letter was sent from the office of senator orrin hatch -lrb- r - ut -rrb- to perverted-justice praising their efforts , especially in regards to getting his legislation passed .
`` the efforts of perverted-justice .
com deserve a very special ` thank you ' from everyone interested in stopping the seduction and sexual attack on our children .
nbc 's dateline has highlighted your efforts at catching sexual predators , using the internet to hunt the hunters .
i believe these shows have directly impacted the timely passage of my bill .
so i want to join senate majority leader bill frist who acknowledged your efforts from the floor of the united states senate the day the bill was passed .
i want to say `` thank you '' for your tireless efforts to stop sexual predators . ''
perverted-justice and its volunteers have been criticized over the years by a number of individuals and organizations .
one criticism of the site , made before perverted-justice began working primarily with law enforcement , was leveled by tina schwartz , national center for missing & exploited children -lrb- ncmec -rrb- director of communications .
she said : `` it 's really not the safest , most effective way to combat this problem ... from what i 've seen ... they embarrass the people , but i do n't know that complete justice is ever served '' .
scott morrow runs `` corrupted-justice '' , a canadian-based web site critical of perverted-justice .
morrow told `` abc news '' in 0000 that , in his opinion , there is currently no way to hold von erck or any other administrators , operators , or volunteers at perverted-justice accountable for mistakes .
`` when you 're running an organization or running a group of people with the potential to do as much damage to people 's lives as this does , i think there also has to be some accountability . ''
morrow suggests many of perverted-justice 's tactics are harassment `` designed to destroy a person 's life . ''
he points out that even sex offender registries do n't `` list the names and background information of neighbors , employers and family members of the accused '' , as the perverted-justice website does .
perverted-justice members are encouraged to spread information about their targets in internal forums and to contact their target 's families , employers , and neighbors .
lee tien , an attorney for the electronic frontier foundation , is quoted as being concerned that the organization could send real predators into hiding .
the site 's operators respond that this is in fact their goal , to have real predators hide away from the places that children go ; they liken the site to putting up a community watch sign at a local playground , which could be argued to discourage predators from kidnapping children there .
tien also argued that chat transcripts can be easily doctored .
in order to bolster credibility , the organization has implemented a number of safeguards to prevent this from happening , including routing all chats through an encrypted proxy server that mirrors the data .
before perverted-justice began working primarily with law enforcement , child safety advocate julie posey described perverted-justice 's tactics as `` a gross invasion of privacy . ''
posey indicated that she did n't feel the methods employed by perverted-justice were completely effective .
`` what it does is embarrass them for the moment ... but then they 'll go and get a different screen name and know to check things out a little more thoroughly next time . ''
posey and perverted-justice founder xavier von erck appeared on fox news channel shortly thereafter , where posey remarked , `` it 's more of an entertainment site , actually .
you go there , you click on a link of a picture that takes you to that person 's chat-log and that person has a scale -- a sliminess scale as he calls it -- and you can rate the pervert from , i think it 's , one to five .
to me , that kind of gives a sense of entertainment .
anybody that finds entertainment value in exploiting children , i have a problem with it . ''
some law-enforcement experts have also stated that , while they appreciate the site 's mission , they do not agree with some of the operators ' and volunteers ' practices .
in a december 0000 article in the `` new york sun '' , bradley russ , the training director for the federal internet crimes against children taskforce -lrb- which has trained about 000 law enforcement agents nationwide -rrb- said that the tactics of perverted-justice sometimes run counter to the task force 's standards .
for instance , russ said , by accepting child pornography from their `` busts '' to bolster a potential legal case , the volunteers are themselves in possession of unlawful images .
he said federal authorities have begun considering whether to seize perverted-justice contributors ' computers .
`` it 's a noble effort gone too far , '' russ told the newspaper .
he also said the site 's tactics can make it more difficult for law enforcement to prosecute cases they present because those cases can be considered tainted by entrapment claims .
according to russ , `` i have a real problem with any citizens ' group conducting any investigation into any crime ... it 's a mistake for law enforcement to abdicate its responsibility to citizens . ''
said russ , `` i think it 's a huge mistake when law enforcement partners with citizens to do investigations .
... i 'm very concerned about entrapment issues . ''
tom nolan , a boston university professor and former boston police officer , echoes russ 's criticism , `` i have an issue with private citizens engaging in these kinds of investigatory practices .
... perverted justice , even though they are in fact acting as agents of law enforcement , are not abiding by the policies .
... this is vigilantism .
it 's sensational vigilantism . ''
criminal defense attorney angelyn gates of chase criminal defense attorneys raises concern that citizen groups are not subject to the same standards as trained law enforcement officials .
she notes that laws are designed to keep police officers from violating citizens ' rights , and that the same rules do n't apply to citizens who may be violating other citizens ' rights .
`` police officers are trained in theory , '' gates said .
`` of perverted-justice are not watching out for themselves by trying to pretend they 're a child on the internet , '' she said .
`` they 're doing it for the thrill , fun , and notoriety they seem to be getting out of it . ''
detective mike burns of darke county asserts that pj sets stricter criteria for arrest than many law enforcement agencies .
he contends that perverted-justice subscribes to protocols well within those followed by law enforcement .
he does however concede , `` sometimes it was a fine line , but they provided us with 000 people they were chatting with after 00 days with possibilities of showing up for a meeting .
there 's no way a department five times our size could have done that . ''
the site has also been criticized for `` disseminating its own brand of child pornography . ''
criminal defense attorney peter d. greenspun , who represented rabbi david kaye -lrb- a man convicted after a perverted-justice sting operation -rrb- argues that the content posted on perverted-justice .
com could encourage child predators .
`` they are putting out for unfiltered , unrestricted public consumption the most graphic sexual material that they themselves say is of a perverted nature . ''
the site 's operators state that when they or their volunteers are sent child pornography , they `` immediately report it to the police and without fail . ''
furthermore , they assure that every time this has happened it has resulted in a conviction against the one sending the pornography , not against perverted-justice .
according to the perverted-justice website , the group does not consider its methods to be entrapment , stating that its volunteers initiate nothing , and instead wait for their target to come to them .
the group contends that not one entrapment defense has worked in a case with evidence brought by the organization .
in one case in riverside county , a judge rejected the entrapment claim .
according to a report in the march 0000 issue of law enforcement technology , `` the judge ruled it differs from a police officer presenting a handful of drugs to a subject and asking if he wants to buy some .
in this scenario , the person 's being invited to make a snap decision .
in contrast , driving to a meeting location afforded these internet offenders plenty of time to change their minds . ''
in a riverside county case , judge dallas holmes commented on the merits of a pj-related case .
said judge holmes : `` i do n't like the smell of this case . ''
furthermore , he described the perverted-justice witness testifying in the case as `` odd , '' `` weird '' and `` repulsive '' .
these comments were made after the jury deadlocked 00-0 on convicting u.s. marine william lawrence havey .
linda dunn , a chief deputy district attorney in riverside county , said she thought the outcome of the havey trial had more to do with jurors ' unwillingness to convict a marine than with negative perceptions of the perverted justice witnesses .
in may 0000 , perverted-justice was criticized in a now-dismissed employment lawsuit brought by former dateline producer marsha bartel .
in the filing , bartel alleges that nbc provides financial incentives to the group to use trickery and to humiliate targets to `` enhance the comedic effect of thepublic exposure . ''
according to bartel , some of the men caught in the `` predator '' sting operations have reported that the decoys begged them to come to the sting houses , even after they had decided to walk away .
perverted-justice responded to the criticism by labeling bartel a disgruntled former employee motivated by financial gain .
the lawsuit was eventually dismissed after the new york supreme court ruled that `` an employer is free to terminate an employee at any time for any reason or no reason . ''
the father of a man arrested in a july 0000 sting by perverted-justice has appeared before a georgia superior court judge to seek an arrest warrant for von erck , alleging that von erck solicited the commission of a felony from the man .
the judge found that probable cause existed to believe von erck impersonated a girl and solicited the man with the intent for him to commit a felony , but declined to issue the warrant because when the act occurred , there was no actual girl and thus no crime occurred .
the act of soliciting a felony is itself a felony .
attorney gary gerrard filed an appeal with the georgia court of appeals , alleging that under georgia law , solicitation is a felony whether or not a crime occurred .
that appeal was ultimately rejected .
in june 0000 , perverted-justice was criticized following a sting operation in collin county , texas that resulted in the charges against 00 suspected online sex predators being dropped .
collin county assistant district attorney greg davis said the cases were dropped after perverted-justice failed to provide enough usable evidence .
`` in many cases , we could not prosecute because perverted justice refused to answer our questions , refused to participate as witnesses , or refused to turn over potential evidence . ''
susan etheridge , director of the children 's advocacy center in plano , texas , was not surprised the cases were thrown out .
she doubts the efficacy of a citizen based group in conducting such a sting , `` i know that law enforcement works very hard to find and prosecute internet predators .
when citizens do it -- i do n't know whether that can work .
perhaps policing is best left to the police . ''
responding to the criticism , members of perverted-justice have stated on their website that they were never asked for the relevant evidence , never refused to provide witnesses , and answered all the murphy prosecutor 's questions .
they describe the colin county district attorney 's office as `` corrupt '' , `` inept '' , and `` incompetent '' , while labeling collin county , texas da greg davis `` the biggest liar we 've ever dealt with in our lives . ''
in an october 0000 preliminary hearing for the case of dr. maurice wolin , dr. wolin 's attorney blair berk argued that perverted justice 's founder has a financial incentive to badger suspects .
von erck testified in the hearing that he is paid an annual salary of $ 000,000 stemming from perverted justice 's deal with nbc .
said berk , `` xavier von erck had a problem .
he had a television show to get on and a fancy cancer doctor to ensnare in his web , and he would n't let it go . ''
the prosecutor in the case , brian staebell , stated , `` the whole business of this preliminary hearing has been an attack on the petaluma police department and perverted justice .
but every time i go back to the chats and i look at how he was grooming this 00-year-old girl . ''
after the hearing , judge raima ballinger held wolin over for trial , ruling that there was sufficient cause to believe wolin committed the crime .
in the faq at their site , perverted-justice states that criticism against the group lacks coherence , that none of the criticisms made are unanswerable , and many criticisms stem from objections to age of consent laws .
in september 0000 , site administrators helped locate a 00-year-old girl from camas , washington , who had been missing from her foster home for almost two weeks .
local detectives were unable to follow leads on the girl 's computer , citing lack of knowledge and resources .
the girl 's mother believed the computer might hold the key to the girl 's location and contacted von erck , who noticed that the girl had logged in several times to her yahoo !
account , only to log out again .
von erck was able to obtain the ip address of the computer the girl had logged in from ; using this , the internet service provider located the address .
when police arrived at the house , they found the girl .
she had met her 00-year-old kidnapper in a chat room .
he was subsequently charged with child rape and unlawful imprisonment .
von erck once acted against an individual who was making graphic violent threats against perverted-justice contributors and volunteers after a lack of response from law enforcement .
the individual , describing himself as a former pj member , had made the threats after he asserted that the group used a photograph of his son in a pj decoy profile -lrb- pj denies the statement -rrb- .
von erck `` set out to destroy by posing as a woman , seducing him online with graphic sex chats , posting the transcripts on the web , and threatening to release a purported video of the individual masturbating ... '' the individual was lured to an airport waiting area , where he was secretly photographed by associates of von erck .
the photos were later posted online along with a warning against further threats and attacks .
la gaceta -lrb- -rrb- is a weekly newspaper in tampa , florida , founded in 0000 .
published in english , spanish , and italian , it is the only trilingual newspaper in the united states .
the paper was founded by victoriano manteiga , a former `` lector '' in the cigar factories of west tampa and ybor city , to serve the needs of the immigrant population of tampa .
later , his son roland manteiga took over as editor and publisher .
roland was very well connected , and his column `` as we heard it '' , became the local mid-00th century version of today 's political blogs , often breaking stories and predicting events before the area 's `` major '' newspapers .
today , `` la gaceta '' is still published weekly under the direction of roland 's son -lrb- and victoriano 's grandson -rrb- patrick manteiga .
high king of ireland -lrb- irish : `` ard rí na héireann '' -rrb- refers to legendary , pagan kings of tara .
it also refers to later kings , who were , depending on the period , either the most powerful king of their day , or , in later times , exercised authority over most of ireland .
while the traditional list of those bearing the title high king of ireland -lrb- irish : `` ard rí na héireann '' -rrb- goes back thousands of years , into the second millennium bce , the earlier parts of the list are largely mythical .
it is unclear at what point the list begins to refer to historical individuals , and also at what point these individuals can genuinely be said to be `` high kings '' in the later sense of the word .
most scholars believe that the idea of the high kingship was a pseudohistorical construct of the eighth century that placed a king of all ireland atop the fragmented pyramid of kingship which actually existed at that time .
this notion of a high kingship acted as a spur to greater centralisation and was converted into political reality by the middle of the ninth century .
high kingship claims were in the genealogies of many of the dominant septs , but were never a political reality .
until quite recently the development of the pre-norman kingship of ireland has been expressed in simplistic terms , with both unionist and nationalist historians happy to portray pre-norman ireland as an immutable hierarchy of kings for their own purposes .
in unionist historiography the picture painted has been one of tribal chaos , while that of nationalist historiography has been a utopian harmony .
modern-day historians reject both of these portrayals as simplistic , presenting a history of irish kingship that is more complex and parallels the development of national kingship elsewhere in europe .
early irish kingship was sacral in character .
in the early narrative literature a king is a king because he marries the sovereignty goddess , is free from blemish , enforces symbolic `` buada '' -lrb- prerogatives -rrb- and avoids symbolic `` geasa '' -lrb- taboos -rrb- .
according to the seventh and eighth century law tracts a hierarchy of kingship and clientship progressed from the `` rí '' -lrb- king of a single petty kingdom -rrb- through the `` ruiri '' -lrb- a `` rí '' who was overking of several petty kingdoms -rrb- to a `` rí ruirech '' -lrb- a `` rí '' who was a provincial overking -rrb- .
each king ruled directly only within the bounds of his own petty kingdom and was responsible for ensuring good government by exercising `` fír flaithemon '' -lrb- rulers truth -rrb- , convening its '' óenach '' -lrb- popular assembly -rrb- , raising taxes , public works , external relations , defence , emergency legislation , law enforcement and promulgating legal judgement .
the lands within the petty kingdom were held allodially by various `` fine '' -lrb- agnatic kingroups -rrb- of freemen with the king occupying the apex of a pyramid of clientship within the petty kingdom -lrb- progressing from the unfree population at its base up to the heads of noble `` fine '' held in immediate clientship by the king -rrb- and so being drawn from the dominant `` fine '' within the `` cenél '' -lrb- a wider kingroup encompassing the noble `` fine '' of the petty kingdom -rrb- .
the kings of the ulster cycle are kings in this sacred sense , but it is clear that the old concept of kingship coexisted alongside christianity for several generations .
diarmait mac cerbaill , king of tara in the middle of the 0th century , may have been the last king to have `` married '' the land , and indeed there are accounts from the century after diarmait 's death at the hands of áed dub mac suibni which have him killed by the three-fold death - by wounding , by falling from a tree , and by drowning - and adomnán 's `` life '' tells how saint columba forecast the same death for áed dub .
the same three-fold death is said to have put an end of diarmait 's predecessor , muirchertach macc ercae , in a late poem , and even the usually reliably annals of ulster record muirchertach 's death by drowning in a vat of wine .
a second sign that sacral kingship did not disappear with the arrival of christianity is the supposed law-suit between congal cáech , king of the ulaid , and domnall mac áedo .
congal was supposedly blinded in one eye by domnall 's bees , from whence his byname cáech -lrb- half-blind or squinting -rrb- , this injury rendering him imperfect and unable to remain high king .
the enmity between domnall and congal can more prosaically be laid at the door of the rivalry between the uí néill and the kings of ulaid , but that a king had to be whole in body appears to have been accepted at this time .
the business of irish succession is rather complicated because of the nature of kingship in ireland before the norman take-over of 0000 .
ireland was divided into a multiplicity of kingdoms , with some kings owing allegiance to others from time to time , and succession rules -lrb- insofar as they existed -rrb- varied .
kings were often succeeded by their sons , but often other branches of the dynasty took a turn - whether by agreement or by force of arms is rarely clear .
unfortunately the king-lists and other early sources reveal little about how and why a particular person became king .
to add to the uncertainty , genealogies were often edited many generations later in order to improve an ancestor 's standing within a kingdom , or to insert him into a more powerful kindred .
the uncertain practices in local kingship cause similar problems when interpreting the succession to the high kingship .
the high king of ireland was essentially a ceremonial , pseudo-federal overlord -lrb- where his over-lordship was even recognised -rrb- , who exercised actual power only within the realm of which he was actually king .
in the case of the southern branch of the uí neill , this would have been the kingdom of meath -lrb- now the counties of meath , westmeath and part of county dublin -rrb- .
high kings from the northern branch ruled various kingdoms in what eventually became the province of ulster .
nevertheless , the uí neill were apparently powerful in ceremony if not in politic , so that political unification of ireland was not aided by the usurpation of the high kingship from mael sechnaill ii and the southern uí niall in 0000 by `` briain ` boruma ' mac cennédig '' , of the kingdom of munster .
this was the third of the so-called `` three usurpations of brian boru . ''
brian boru was a strong king who could have unified ireland politically , and there is some suggestion he intended to make himself high king of scotland as well .
but he was killed in the battle of clontarf in 0000 , and twelve years as high king was not long enough to unify the island politically .
mael sechnaill ii was restored to the high kingship but he died in 0000 , too soon to undo the damage done by brian 's `` coup . ''
from 0000 through the norman take-over of 0000 , the high kingship was held alongside `` kings with opposition '' .
because the native irish high kingship never adopted any set of rules for succession , be they based on primogeniture or any other system , there can be no realistic pretender to an irish ` throne ' , and modern claims can not be taken seriously .
alternatively , given the great number of irish kings in the early middle ages , it is scarcely possible to believe that there is one person of irish descent today who does not also have kingly blood -- given the lack of rules of succession and the contrived genealogies of the time , all irish males might lay claim to a kingship of one sort or another !
even at the time the law tracts were being written these petty kingdoms were being swept away by newly emerging dynasties of dynamic overkings .
the most successful of these early dynasties were the uí néill -lrb- encompassing descendants of niall of the nine hostages such as the cenel eoghain -rrb- who as kings of tara had been conquering petty kingdoms , expelling their rulers and agglomerating their territories under the direct rule of their expanding kindred since the fifth century .
native and foreign , pagan and christian ideas were comingled to form a new idea of irish kingship .
the native idea of a sacred kingship was integrated with the christian idea in the ceremony of coronation , the relationship of king to overking became one of `` tigerna '' -lrb- lord -rrb- to king and `` imperium '' -lrb- sovereignty -rrb- began to merge with `` dominium '' -lrb- ownership -rrb- .
the church was well disposed to the idea of a strong political authority .
its clerics developed the theory of a high kingship of ireland and wrote tracts exhorting kings to rule rather than reign .
in return the `` paruchiae '' -lrb- monastic federations -rrb- of the irish church received royal patronage in the form of shrines , building works , land and protection .
the concept of a high king was occasionally recorded in various annals , such as an entry regarding the death of máel sechnaill mac máele ruanaid in 000 in the annals of ulster which lists him as `` rí érenn uile '' -lrb- king of all ireland -rrb- , a title which his successor , aed finliath apparently never was granted .
it is unclear what political reality was behind this title .
by the twelfth century the dual process of agglomeration of territory and consolidation of kingship saw the handful of remaining provincial kings abandoning the traditional royal sites for the cities , employing ministers and governors , receiving advice from an `` oireacht '' -lrb- a body of noble counsellors -rrb- , presiding at reforming synods and maintaining standing armies .
early royal succession had been by alternation between collateral branches of the wider dynasty but succession was now confined to a series of father/son , brother/brother and uncle/nephew successions within a small royal `` fine '' marked by an exclusive surname .
these compact families -lrb- o brien of munster , maclochlainn of the north , o connor of connacht -rrb- intermarried and competed against each other on a national basis so that on the eve of the anglo-norman incursion of 0000 we find the agglomeration/consolidation process complete and their provincial kingdoms divided , dismembered and transformed into fiefdoms held from -lrb- or in rebellion against -rrb- one of their number acting as king of ireland .
vijay amritraj -lrb- tamil : விஜய் அமிர்தராஜ் , hindi : विजय अम्िरत्राज , urdu : وِجے اَمرِترج , born december 00 , 0000 -rrb- is an indian former tennis player and actor .
amritraj was born in chennai , india to maggie dhairyam and robert amritraj .
he and his brothers , anand amritraj and ashok amritraj , were among the first indians to play in top-flight international tour tennis .
in 0000 , the brothers -lrb- vijay and anand -rrb- were semi-finalists in the wimbledon men 's doubles .
after playing his first grand prix event in 0000 , amritraj achieved his first significant success in singles in 0000 when he reached the quarter-final stage at two grand slam events .
at wimbledon he lost 0-0 in the fifth set to the eventual champion jan kodes and later that summer at the u.s. open lost to tennis great ken rosewall after having beaten another legend , rod laver , two rounds earlier .
amritraj repeated his feat at forest hills in 0000 when he went out in the last eight again to rosewall after beating a young björn borg in the second round .
in the years that followed he reached the latter stages of numerous grand prix events but failed to meet with success in the grand slams .
it would not be again until 0000 when amritraj would again proceed to the quarter-finals , going out in five sets to jimmy connors .
this match typified amritraj 's tennis .
he was a natural grass-court player who liked to chip-and-charge , and serve-and-volley .
he could compete against the world 's best but often would lose longer matches through a lack of stamina .
against connors he was up two sets but lost the last two convincingly in a 0-0 , 0-0 , 0-0 , 0-0 , 0-0 loss .
a similar wimbledon result occurred in 0000 in the 0nd round where he looked set to defeat defending champion borg , up two sets to one and 0-0 in the 0th set , only to lose 0-0 , 0-0 , 0-0 , 0-0 , 0-0 .
amritraj was the captain of the indian davis cup for much of the late 0000s and 0000s , helping india reach the finals in 0000 and 0000 .
it was here that he revelled as a champion and chalked memorable wins against higher ranked players .
a do-or-die five set epic over martin jaite was the highlight of india 's run to the final in 0000 .
he compiled a career singles win-lose record 000-000 , winning 00 singles titles to go along with 00 in doubles .
he beat the best , including john mcenroe at his peak in 0000 -lrb- in the first round in cincinnati -rrb- and had five career wins over connors in their 00 matches .
he reached his career high ranking in singles of world no. 00 in july , 0000 .
vijay also had a brief acting career , appearing with roger moore in the james bond film , `` octopussy '' as vijay and in '' . ''
he has since gone on to become a sports commentator , has been a judge at the miss universe pageant , and has developed a successful multimedia business .
both his son prakash amritraj and nephew , stephen amritraj are professional tennis players .
in 0000 , after completing his assignment as a `` united nations messenger of peace , '' mr. vijay amritraj founded `` the vijay amritraj foundation . ''
the foundation 's mission is to bring hope , help and healing to the defenseless and innocent victims of disease , tragedy and circumstance in india .
driven by a firm belief that `` in giving we receive , '' the foundation pledges to make a real difference for those who are most in need of the helping hand of humanity .
after an extraordinarily successful debut in 0000 , the foundation raised enough funds to immediately begin supporting various charitable organizations in india .
over the next decade , the foundation aims to have a meaningful presence in all the states of the indian union , and to make a positive difference in the lives of the less fortunate citizens of these states .
today , many noteworthy persons are associated with the foundation , including world leaders , statesmen , business leaders , and philanthropists ; among them , george h.w. bush - former president of the united states , mr. reddy s. jay reddy - chairman & ceo of the corbisco group , mr. sashi tharoor - former under secretary general of the united nations , and general the lord guthrie of craigiebank - chief of the defence staff of the united kingdom during the blair administration .
the foundation conducts a highly successful golf tournament every year , followed by a gala dinner event in beverly hills , california .
a bilum is a string bag made by hand in papua new guinea .
the bag can be made by a process known as string looping or by crocheting .
traditionally , the string used was hand-made , normally from plant materials .
now , however , many people who can afford to do so make their bilums from store bought yarn and string .
bilums are used to carry a wide range of items , from shopping goods in large bilums to personal items in purse-sized varieties .
mothers often carry their babies in bilums .
whilst the traditional method of making bilums using woven plant reeds , is still widely spread across png , many villagers are now finding it easier to use wool based yarns to make their bags .
this allows a greater diversity of color schemes to be incorporated into the making of the bilums , and are more highly sought after , due to their highly visible and different patterns and color combinations in each case .
local men usually prefer to use long handle styles so they can be worn over the shoulder , freeing their arms for more important issues , like carrying important bush knives or to grab onto things while hiking mountains .
the womenfolk often prefer the short handled versions that they can sling across their foreheads to carry greater loads , such as babies and/or large quantities of foodstuff -lrb- yams/potatoes/kau-kau etc. -rrb- either way , there is now a definite swing to the more vivid color/patterning styles that afford the bearer to be more distinctive in making his/her fashion statement .
the concept of bilums are very marketable overseas , and the french have now actually patented the `` bilum '' product , using recycled car seat belts , and other plastic materials to create their own version of the bilum .
barbara hambly -lrb- born august 00 , 0000 -rrb- is an award winning and prolific american novelist and screenwriter within the genres of fantasy , science fiction , mystery , and historical fiction .
her writing includes novels occurring within worlds of her own creation -lrb- generally occurring within an explicit multiverse -rrb- , as well as within previously existing mythos -lrb- notably star trek and star wars -rrb- .
hambly was born in san diego , california and grew up in montclair , california .
her parents , edward everett hambly sr. and florence moraski hambly , are from a coal-mining town in eastern pennsylvania .
she has an older sister , mary ann saunders , and a younger brother , edward everett hambly jr. .
in her early teens , hambly read and was transfixed by j. r. r. tolkien 's `` the lord of the rings '' , and affixed images of dragons to her bedroom door .
she early-on became interested in costumery , and has been a long-time participant in society for creative anachronism activities .
in the mid-0000 's , the hambly family spent a year in australia .
hambly has a masters in medieval history from the university of california at riverside , completing her degree in 0000 and spending a year in bordeaux as part of her studies .
her first novel to be published was `` time of the dark '' in 0000 by del rey .
previous to becoming a writer , hambly chose occupations that allowed her time to write ; all of her novels contain a biography paragraph with a litany of jobs familiar to her readers - high school teacher , model , waitress , technical editor , all-night liquor store clerk , and karate instructor .
hambly served as president of the science fiction and fantasy writers of america from 0000 to 0000 .
her works have been nominated for many awards in the fantasy and horror fiction categories , winning a locus award for best horror novel `` those who hunt the night '' -lrb- 0000 -rrb- and the lord ruthven award for fiction for its sequel , `` travelling with the dead '' -lrb- 0000 -rrb- .
hambly was married for some years to fellow science fiction writer george alec effinger before his death in 0000 .
she now lives in los angeles .
hambly has admitted to suffering from seasonal affective disorder , which was undiagnosed for years .
given hambly 's diverse portfolio , there are only a few themes that run throughout all of her novels .
she has a penchant for unusual characters within the fantasy genre , such as the menopausal witch and reluctant scholar-lord in the winterlands trilogy , or philologist secret service agent in the vampire novels .
her writing is filled with rich descriptions and actors whose actions bear consequences for both their lives and relationships , suffusing her series with a brooding sense of melancholy and regret ; hambly 's characters experience the pain of frustrated aspirations to a degree that is uncommon in most fantasy novels .
though using many standard clichés and plot devices of the fantasy genre , her works depart from the norm through an exploration of the ethical implications of the consequences of these devices , and what their impact is for the characters , were they real people .
in avoiding the '' ... easy consolatory self-identification of genre fantasy '' -lrb- p. 000 -rrb- and refusing to let her work be guided more explicitly by conventions and the desires of her audience , hambly may have missed out on the remunerative success and acclaim that she is due .
hambly heavily researches her settings , either in person or through books , frequently drawing upon her degree in medieval history for background and depth .
particularly cited was her work within the star wars universe , where she was praised for capturing the voices of luke and leia .
the european democratic party -lrb- edp -rrb- is a centrist european political party in favour of european integration .
it was initiated on april 00 0000 and formally founded on december 0 in brussels .
françois bayrou of france 's udf and francesco rutelli of italy 's democracy is freedom -- daisy serve as the first two co-presidents .
the edp was founded in reaction to the rising influence of eurosceptic parties within european institutions .
it drew pro-european centrist parties from the european people 's party to form a new centrist multinational bloc .
the reformism is another the principal standard of the party and in fact the pde assembles center reformists in a transverse way , either if they are of social christian or social-democratic or a mixture does not matter .
its cofounder françois bayrou -lrb- udf -rrb- described it as a party for people being `` neither conservative nor socialist '' , like the united states democratic party .
as of may 0000 , margherita is in government a core member of prime minister romano prodi 's olive tree federation within the union , and the lithuanian labour party is the largest party in the lithuanian seimas .
the meeting of the parliamentary group of the liberal european liberal democrat and reform party which took place in brussels on july 00 , 0000 approved a recommendation to unite the eldr group and the edp group into the alliance of liberals and democrats for europe group .
although their meps currently sit together , these two european political parties remain separate parties .
leighton thomas rees -lrb- january 00 , 0000 - june 0 , 0000 in ynysybwl , south wales -rrb- was the first ever world professional darts champion .
rees was born in the village of ynysybwl , where he was to spend most of his life .
he attended the local mill street school in pontypridd where one of his teachers famously declared on his report card that he would be '' `` good only for reading the sports pages of the south wales echo '' '' .
after leaving school he found work in the store room of a motor spares company , a job he did for over twenty years until he became a professional darts player in 0000 .
it was during his time working as a store man that leighton found the sport of darts , becoming a regular for his local pub and county .
it was not until 0000 though that he gained any real national attention .
sid waddell , now a commentator for sky sports , was at the time producer of yorkshire television 's indoor league - a show with pub games tournaments .
waddell and his researchers had heard reports of a trio of great darts players in the south wales valleys , an area that was quickly becoming a hotbed of talent for the sport .
the three names mentioned were tony ridler of newport , alan evans of the rhondda and especially leighton rees of little ynysybwl .
waddell quickly offered all three the chance to play on national television and they did not disappoint , ridler and evans both scored a number of 000s in their matches , but although he did not perform as well on the night it was leighton rees who stole the show .
over a lager and a cigar he told presenter fred trueman , in his soon to be famous brand of dry humour , stories about himself and evans hustling the english .
after the early exposure on indoor league , leighton rees turned professional in 0000 and went on to make the final of that year 's news of the world darts championship .
he was also part of the 0000 wales team that won the very first world darts federation world cup .
rees ' finest hour however would come in 0000 at the inaugural embassy world professional darts championship , in nottingham .
seeded third he easily dispensed with australian barry atkinson in round one at a score of 0-0 before taking on his close friend , welsh team-mate and fifth seed alan evans in the second round .
it turned into a classic with both players averaging over 00 per three darts -lrb- almost unheard of in those days -rrb- .
evans took an early lead with a couple of 000s before rees recorded the championship 's first ever ten-dart finish -lrb- also the first ever televised -rrb- before eventually running out a 0-0 victor .
at the time the bbc 's executive producer nick hunter proclaimed it as the match that made darts live up to all their expectations and cemented it as a national tv item for years to come .
in the semi-final rees actually struggled to beat a determined american , nicky virachkul 0-0 in the semi-finals but showed a whole different set of battling qualities to pull through into a final against the great john lowe .
rees would again average over 00 with lowe not far behind in a great final , eventually sealed 00-0 by rees to win his only ever world championship .
in the defence of his title in 0000 , rees returned to the final , again beating evans along the way before this time losing to john lowe by 0 sets to 0 .
a quarter-final in 0000 and a last-00 place in 0000 followed , after which rees could only manage round one exits in 0000 , 0000 , 0000 and 0000 .
despite this his matches nearly always resulted in full arenas and he remained one of darts most popular competitors .
it is because of this that he is credited alongside the likes of john lowe , eric bristow , bob anderson , jocky wilson , cliff lazarenko and now phil taylor as bringing darts to the masses via the television screens .
he had an exceptionally good record on bullseye , frequently scoring more than 000 with nine darts and thus having his charity money doubled .
rees also wrote autobiographical account of his life in 0000 , titled `` on darts '' which also featured tips on playing the game .
in 0000 leighton rees married his wife debbie , a californian , in las vegas while he was competing in a tournament there .
there is a street in ynysybwl named after him , leighton rees close .
despite being the first world champion , rees possibly missed out on dart 's glory years .
the prize for his title was # 0,000 and as the prize money rose and tournaments began to spring up all over uk television channels , rees ' form began to slide and he never managed to match the continued success of lowe , bristow and wilson .
rees was forced to make his living from playing exhibition matches with his great friend , alan evans .
rees quit his exhibition work after having a pacemaker fitter and also had a heart bypass operation in his later life .
he returned to the stage of the world championships to make the draw for the event in the year before his death .
he died in his home village , ynysybwl in 0000 , aged 00 .
cephalomancy is a form of divination using a goat or donkey 's head .
cephalomancy technically means `` head divination '' and therefore applies to any sort of divination using a skull or head .
it covers two different methods : one was concerned with the shape of the skull , somewhat like extispicy or phrenology .
the other , cephaleonomancy , involved heating a skull while reciting various phrases , often the names of criminal suspects .
if the skull crackled or the jaw moved while a name was spoken , this was taken to identify the guilty party .
-lrb- cephaleonomancy literally means divination by a donkey 's head , but it also applies to the same technique using a goat 's skull . -rrb-
robert gurth hughes -lrb- born july 00 , 0000 -rrb- is a british conservative party politician .
in 0000 , hughes was elected to the greater london council representing croydon central , serving until 0000 .
hughes was the conservative candidate in the 0000 bermondsey by-election and contested that constituency 's successor seat of southwark and bermondsey at the 0000 general election , being in third place both times .
in 0000 he was elected member of parliament -lrb- mp -rrb- for harrow west .
he successfully defended this seat at the 0000 election , but at the 0000 general election he lost it by 0,000 votes to labour 's gareth thomas .
he opposed the conservative party line by supporting a total ban on handguns in the wake of the dunblane massacre .
chief executive of the association of optometrists 0000 to date .
a second is an endorsement by a member of a deliberative body that a proposed motion should be discussed by the body .
it is a necessary step in proposing almost all motions in parliamentary procedure .
a second is not necessarily an endorsement of the motion itself .
its only purpose is to say that the motion should be considered .
the requirement for a second prevents a single member from tying up business in an assembly with matters only he wishes to discuss .
after a motion is proposed , if the motion requires a second and none is immediately offered , the chair of the body will usually say `` is there a second ? ''
a member wanting to second the motion rises and states `` i second the motion '' or simply says `` second '' while seated .
once a second is obtained , discussion of the motion begins .
a motion is not officially proposed until there is a second .
if no second is obtained within a few moments of proposing the motion , then the motion is not considered by the assembly , and is treated as though it was never offered -lrb- although it is recorded in the minutes -rrb- .
such a motion may be introduced again at any later time .
a second is not necessary in committees unless the committee explicitly makes it a part of its rules .
a second is also not necessary for certain procedural motions .
if a motion is not seconded , but is discussed or voted on , it is too late to object that a second was not offered , since its purpose has been fulfilled : more than one member has shown that he wishes to consider the motion .
mentioned in despatches -lrb- mid -rrb- is a military award for gallantry or otherwise commendable service .
the award is relatively common , does not confer a medal and is relatively low in the order of precedence .
a despatch is an official report from a senior commander , usually of an army , to his superiors , detailing the conduct of military operations .
in the british armed forces , this report is published in the `` london gazette '' .
if a subordinate officer or soldier performs a noteworthy action included in the report , he/she is said to have been `` mentioned in despatches '' .
in the nations of the british commonwealth , soldiers who are mentioned in despatches receive a certificate and are entitled to wear a silver oak leaf -lrb- from 0000 -- 0000 , it was bronze , in the canadian forces it still is -rrb- on the ribbon of the service medal issued to soldiers who served in a conflict .
if no campaign medal is awarded , the oak leaf is worn on the left breast of dress uniform .
soldiers can be mentioned multiple times but , other than receiving a certificate for each mention , they wear no visible sign .
the british world war i victoria cross winner john vereker , later to become field marshal viscount gort , was mentioned in despatches nine times .
the australian general h.g. bennett was mentioned in despatches a total of eight times during the first world war .
in the french military , mentions in despatches -- or more precisely , mention in orders -lrb- `` citation dans les ordres '' -rrb- -- are made by senior commanders , from the position of regimental commanding officer to general-in-chief , in the orders they give to their unit , recognizing the gallantry of an action performed some time before .
the mentions are awarded for gallantry to any member of the french military or its allies and are , depending on the degree , roughly the equivalent for u.s. bronze star medal and silver star medal or uk military cross and military medal .
mentions made during world war i , world war ii or colonial conflicts were accompanied with awards of a `` croix de guerre '' or a `` croix de la valeur militaire '' , with attachments on the ribbon depending on the mention 's degree : the lowest degree is represented by a bronze star while the higest degree is represented by a bronze palm nowadays , a mention with award of the croix de la valeur militaire -lrb- the croix de guerre is no longer awarded -rrb- is rare , and most mentions are awarded with a gold `` médaille de la défense nationale '' and the same attachments as the croix de guerre .
a unit can be mentioned in despatches .
its flag is then decorated with the corresponding croix .
after two mentions , the men of the unit are entitled to wear a `` fourragère '' .
during the american civil war , the confederate army offered no awards or medals .
however , general lee would sometimes mention individual soldiers and units in his dispatches , and this was considered to be the highest honor among confederate soldiers .
florencio `` flor '' morales ramos -lrb- september 0 , 0000 -- february 00 , 0000 -rrb- , much more better known as ramito , was a famous puerto rican singer , trovador , and composer who was a native of caguas , puerto rico .
ramito was born in the bairoa area of caguas ; very close to where bairoa gym stands nowadays .
he is considered the king of jíbaro music .
ramito left school in fourth grade .
he was already singing for money at the age of thirteen , and , in 0000 , he participated at a local trova singers contest in caguas .
that was the beginning of fame for `` ramito '' .
ten years later , in 0000 , he inaugurated the wiac radio station , a station with national reach .
later on , he animated the radio show , `` la hora del volante '' , from bayamon .
`` ramito '' appeared on television multiple times and he released a wide number of trova albums , of which many were best sellers in puerto rico and other latin american countries .
from 0000 and 0000 , he flew constantly from san juan to new york , from where he worked on the radio show , `` la montaña canta '' on the whom station .
`` ramito '' became an icon to fans of trova music in puerto rico , specially those in the mountainside areas of that island .
he toured intensely in latin america and the united states .
he was laid to rest in the city of salinas .
spirou magazine is a belgian comics magazine .
first published april 00 , 0000 as `` le journal de spirou '' , it was an eight page weekly comics magazine composed a mixture of short stories and gags , serial comics , and a handful of american comics .
in 0000 , the experienced publisher jean dupuis put his sons paul and the 00 year old charles in charge of a new magazine aimed at the juvenile market .
the intent was to compete with the francophone disney magazine `` le journal de mickey '' which had been on the market since 0000 .
in the beginning , it was a large format magazine , available only in french and only in wallonia .
it introduced two new comics , the eponymous `` spirou '' drawn by the young frenchman rob-vel , and `` les aventures de tif '' -lrb- later to become `` tif et tondu '' -rrb- drawn by fernand dineur , and printed american comics such as `` superman '' , `` red ryder '' and `` brick bradford '' .
few months later , the flemish language edition named `` robbedoes '' appeared as well , on october 00 , 0000 .
gradually , the american comics and reprints were replaced by new , european productions , and by the 00s , nearly all the content was made especially for the magazine .
charles dupuis remained editor-in-chief of the magazine until 0000 when he appointed yvan delporte to that position , so he could himself focus on his increasing interest in the publication of the magazine 's series ' albums .
the dupuis family eventually sold its publishing interests in 0000 .
since the magazine 's beginning , several noted european comics creators have been involved , namely jijé , andré franquin , morris , will -lrb- the founding members of the `` marcinelle school '' -rrb- , peyo , eddy paape , maurice tillieux , roba , derib , raoul cauvin , and many others .
the target audience is between 0 and 00 years , although the magazine appeals to many adults as well .
over the years , `` spirou '' has undergone a few format changes and gradually became thicker , eventually averaging 00 pages .
it was distributed in most french and dutch speaking countries , and for some years , editions in other languages appeared as well -lrb- notably in spain and portugal -rrb- .
magazines are also reissued as quarterly books , gathering thirteen consecutive magazines in one binding .
000 of those have been published as of september 0000 .
a few pages , apart from the comics and the advertising , are always put aside for text contents and interaction with the readers -lrb- games , letters , jokes , etc. -rrb- .
often a general theme is used to give the magazine some unity instead of being just a collection of unrelated comics , and this also gets reflected in the layout .
along with `` tintin '' magazine -lrb- founded in 0000 -rrb- , it was considered the home of the franco-belgian comics school until the seventies , when its importance declined .
still in publication , spirou sells some 000,000 copies every week .
`` robbedoes '' was eventually shelved in september 0000 , after more than 0000 weekly publications .
mid is a three-letter abbreviation with multiple meanings , as described below : list of administrative divisions of hebei the administrative divisions of hebei , a province of the people 's republic of china , consists of prefecture-level divisions subdivided into county-level divisions then subdivided into township-level divisions .
these are : all of these administrative divisions are explained in greater detail at political divisions of china .
this chart lists only prefecture-level and county-level divisions of hebei .
liberal conservatism is a political philosophy which generally means combining elements of `` conservatism '' with elements of `` liberalism '' .
as these latter two terms have had different meanings over time and across countries , liberal conservatism also has a wide variety of meanings .
historically , it often referred to the combination of economic liberalism , which champions laissez-faire markets , with the classical conservative concern for established tradition , respect for authority and religious values .
in this way it contrasted itself with classical liberalism , which supported freedom for the individual in both the economic and social spheres .
over time , the general conservative ideology in many countries adopted economic liberal arguments and this sense of the term `` liberal conservatism '' fell out of use , and `` conservatism '' was simply used instead .
this is also the case in countries where liberal economic ideas have been the tradition , such as the united states , and are thus considered `` conservative '' .
in other countries where liberal conservative movements have entered the political mainstream , the terms `` liberal '' and `` conservative '' may become synonymous -lrb- as in australia , in italy and in spain -rrb- .
the liberal conservative tradition in the united states combines the economic individualism of the classical liberals with a burkean form of conservatism -lrb- which has also become part of the american conservative tradition , for example in the writings of russell kirk -rrb- .
a secondary meaning for the term that has developed in europe , is combining more modern `` conservative '' -lrb- less traditionalist -rrb- views with those of `` social liberalism '' .
this has developed as an opposition to the more collectivist views of socialism .
often this involves stressing what are now conservative views of free-market economics and belief in individual responsibility , with social liberal views on defence of civil rights , environmentalism and support for a limited welfare state .
this philosophy is that of swedish prime minister fredrik reinfeldt and current british conservative leader david cameron , although the latter has been accused of reneging on liberal social and economic policies in favour of more traditional tory values .
in continental europe , this is sometimes also translated into english as social conservatism .
martí joan de galba -lrb- d. 0000 -rrb- was co-author of the famous catalan epic `` tirant lo blanc '' , which he helped finish during and after the death of his friend , the main author of the work , joanot martorell .
david h. rosenthal , one of the two translators of the work into english , notes that among joan de galba 's stylistic contributions to the work are his precision with place-names and his reliance on john mandeville 's `` travels '' .
los ángeles is the capital of the province of biobío , in the municipality of the same name , in region viii -lrb- the biobío region -rrb- , in the center-south of chile .
it is located between the laja and biobío rivers .
the population is 000.000 inhabitants -lrb- census 0000 -rrb- .
the municipality -lrb- `` comuna '' -rrb- of los ángeles has the highest absolute rural population of any chilean municipality .
to the north of the city is salto del laja -lrb- laja falls -rrb- , and roughly 000 kilometers to the east is the 0,000 meter high -lrb- 0,000 ft -rrb- antuco volcano , in the andes mountain range .
the city is a major gateway for tourists visiting nearby laguna del laja national park , home to the mentioned volcano .
founded as nuestra señora de los ángeles in 0000 by manso de velasco , it was originally a spanish fort as an outpost in the war of arauco .
it received the title of `` villa '' in 0000 .
the city underwent numerous rebuildings , due to the spanish military campaigns against the native mapuche in their efforts to colonize the area .
its geographic location , just to the north of the biobío river -lrb- the border established by the spaniards -rrb- , made it a strategic location .
anthriscus or chervil is a common plant genus of the family apiaceae , growing in europe and temperate parts of asia .
it comprises 00 species , some of which are considered as noxious weeds .
the genus grows in meadows and verges on slightly wet porous soils .
`` anthriscus '' species are used as food plants by the larvae of some lepidoptera species including the mouse moth -lrb- recorded on cow parsley -rrb- .
the hollow stem is erect and branched , ending in compound umbels of small white or greenish flowers .
the leaves are bipinnate or tripinnate .
garden chervil -lrb- `` anthriscus cerefolium '' -rrb- is used in the kitchen to flavor foods .
the laja falls -lrb- spanish : salto del laja -rrb- is a waterfall located in the laja river in southcentral chile .
it lies next to the pan-american highway , between the cities of los ángeles and chillán .
guinevere turner -lrb- may 00 , 0000 -rrb- is an american actress , writer and director .
she was born in boston , massachusetts .
amongst other recent films , she starred in the 0000 british bdsm/fetish comedy film `` preaching to the perverted '' as the new york dominatrix `` tanya cheex '' .
guinevere turner and `` i shot andy warhol '' director mary harron wrote the screenplay which ended up being selected for the film version of bret easton ellis ' `` american psycho '' .
she has a brief cameo in the film , in which she delivers the in-joke , `` i 'm not a lesbian ! ''
.
-lrb- turner has publicly acknowledged her lesbianism . -rrb-
this line is a further in-joke , as she references sarah lawrence college , from which she graduated .
turner emerged on the scene with the groundbreaking film `` go fish '' , which she co-wrote and co-produced with her then-girlfriend , rose troche .
turner also starred in the film , portraying a young woman whose friends help her find a new girlfriend .
director kevin smith was a fan of the movie , particularly a scene in it wherein , in an imagined sequence , some of a character 's friends chastise her for `` selling out '' and sleeping with a guy , and used it as an inspiration for his rather unusual take on a similar theme in his own film `` chasing amy '' .
turner has cameos in both `` chasing amy '' and smith 's later film `` dogma '' ; her name is used as that of joey lauren adams ' character in smith 's `` mallrats '' .
a writer and story editor for the first two seasons of `` the l word '' , turner also made several memorable guest appearances on the show as alice pieszecki 's screenwriter ex-girlfriend , gabby .
in 0000 turner wrote the script for `` bloodrayne '' directed by uwe boll , and the script for `` the notorious bettie page '' , with mary harron , who directed it .
nümbrecht is a municipality in the oberbergischer kreis , in northrhine-westfalia , germany .
it is a health resort , known for its good climate .
nümbrecht is located about 00 km east of cologne .
the sculptures are a present from the art association of nümbrecht to the municipality of nümbrecht .
they are intended to embellish the health resort .
the 00-metre high watchtower at the `` lindchen '' in nümbrecht has 000 steps ; the top of the tower is 000 m above sea level .
from the top , one can see the rhine , the siebengebirge mountain range and even as far as the rothaargebirge mountain range .
this iron ore mining tunnel known as the amiger tunnel is approximately 000 to 000 years old .
the amiger tunnel is situated in a forest area called `` in the goldkaule '' , below the `` alfred lang '' hut and the watchtower .
the tunnel is approximately 00 meters long .
however , according to local legends , the tunnel goes as far as the village ödinghausen .
today the entry to the tunnel is shut off by a grating and only the bats know where the tunnel leads ... the `` ecovillage '' benroth is about five kilometers from nümbrecht .
the conversion of benroth into an `` ecological village of the future '' required a few smaller and larger measures , such as the installation of a moist biotope and drystone-wallings .
the one-hour tour `` ecomile '' through the village allows an insight into the projects .
there are a number of well-preserved half-timbering houses in the small village bruch northeast of nümbrecht .
most of them date back to the 00th century .
some of them were built on the foundation walls of the previous houses .
near nümbrecht , small quartzite monadnocks from the devonian era -lrb- approximately 000 million years ago -rrb- were exposed by erosion of softer sedimentary rock .
crinoids -lrb- `` sea lily '' -rrb- and brachiopod fossils have been discovered here -lrb- so they are neither erratic blocks from the ice age nor meteorites , as was formerly believed -rrb- .
two ponds below the nearby village of spreitgen are known as `` hexenweiher '' -lrb- `` witches ' ponds '' -rrb- .
it is not known whether the name derives from actual witchcraft trials by dunking during the middle ages .
-lrb- in these trials the witches were thrown into a pond with their hands cuffed and their feet tied together .
if they went under and drowned , they were considered to be innocent .
if they survived they were proven to be a witch and often burnt . -rrb-
castle homburg is a historic site of witchcraft trials .
in a trial on september 00 , 0000 , for example , six women were accused of being witches .
because they confessed , they were given mercy and beheaded instead of being burnt alive .
the 0000-year-old church next to the castle in nümbrecht is one of the most interesting sacral buildings of the area : the tower was built in romanesque style , the romanesque part of the interior features massive medieval pillars and reinforcing arches .
the ribbed structure of the apses is typical of gothic style .
flat vaults were added at the end of the 00th century .
the top construction of the tower and the altar reflects baroque architecture .
the church `` bunte kerke '' in marienberghausen features medieval wall paintings .
the building was changed and reconstructed several times and thus lost its original appearance of a typical fortified church .
the west tower is all that is left from the original 00th century building .
the late gothic paintings in the interior are preserved however .
the paintings had been painted over during the protestant reformation period and they surfaced when the organ was renovated in 0000 .
only a couple of gothic wall paintings in the area are preserved to this day .
in both 0000 and 0000 marienberghausen won the german federal competition `` unser dorf soll schöner werden '' -lrb- `` our village shall become more beautiful '' -rrb- .
it is also the birthplace of the opera `` hänsel und gretel '' , composed here by engelbert humperdinck and also first performed here .
the `` oberbergische postkutsche '' , a mail coach , runs between nümbrecht and wiehl every friday , saturday and sunday from may to the end of october .
it is a reproduction of the mail coach of the imperial post office around 0000 .
column well in the health resort park .
the column well fountain in the health resort park was created by sculptor michael schwarze .
it was built for the horticultural show -lrb- `` landesgartenschau '' -rrb- held in nürmbrecht in 0000 .
the figures of the well symbolize the age-old will of humans to free themselves from obligations of life .
the female figures are the symbols of beauty and fertility , the fists express force and assertiveness .
the hand is an indication of understanding and work .
the male leg stands for progress and conquest .
the berlin bear is a present of the senate of berlin .
he was put up shortly before the land garden show in 0000 in the health resort park .
berlin citizens could spend a free vacation in nümbrecht , this was promoted by the country in the municipality 0 industrial zones are namely in elsenroth - gaderoth and in breunfeld .
the most different companies are resident there .
the biggest employer in municipality is the sarstedt verwaltungs ag with her factories in village rommelsdorf and winterborn .
the company develops , produce and sell machines and consumable material for medicine and science .
the setting up followed in the year 0000 and occupies nowadays 0,000 employees worldwide .
just as ist the kabe labortechnik gmbh in elsenroth a bigger medicine technology company .
the setting up followed in the year 0000 .
it develops , produce and sell machines and consumable material for medicine .
0 subjects-engaged bicycle tours exist in municipality nümbrecht .
modernism in music is characterized by a desire for or belief in progress and science , surrealism , anti-romanticism , political advocacy , general intellectualism , and/or a breaking with tradition or common practice -- ezra pound 's modernist slogan , `` make it new , '' as applied to music .
modern music is often thought to begin with , or just after , debussy 's impressionism , rising to rhetorical , if not commercial , dominance after world war two , and then being gradually superseded by postmodern music .
musicologist carl dahlhaus restricted his definition of musical modernism to progressive music in the period 0000-0000 : the year 0000 ... lends itself as an obvious point of historical discontinuity ... the `` breakthrough '' of mahler , strauss , and debussy implies a profound historical transformation ... if we were to search for a name to convey the breakaway mood of the 0000s -lrb- a mood symbolized musically by the opening bars of strauss 's `` don juan '' -rrb- but without imposing a fictitious unity of style on the age , we could do worse than revert to term `` modernism '' extending -lrb- with some latitude -rrb- from the 0000 to the beginnings of our own twentieth-century modern music in 0000 ... the label `` late romanticism '' ... is a terminological blunder of the first order and ought to be abandoned forthwith .
it is absurd to yoke strauss , mahler , and the young schoenberg , composers who represent modernism in the minds of their turn-of-the-century contemporaries , with the self-proclaimed anti-modernist pfitzner , calling them all `` late romantics '' in order to supply a veneer of internal unity to an age fraught with stylistic contradictions and conflicts .
-lrb- dahlhaus 0000 , 000 -rrb- thus , daniel albright -lrb- 0000 -rrb- dates musical modernism from 0000-0 -lrb- debussy 's `` prélude à ` l'après-midi d'un faune '' and strauss 's `` till eulenspiegels lustige streiche '' -rrb- , and considers musical modernism 's main features to be : however , as an alternative to this definition albright proposes : `` modernism is `` a testing of the limits of aesthetic construction '' . ''
besides eliminating the progress meta-narrative of the above definition , this definition is also capable of application to more the music , artists , and movements considered modernist : expressionism & new objectivity , hyperrealism & abstractionism , neoclassicism & neobarbarism , futurism & the mythic method .
the modern music would , in turn , give rise to postmodernism .
albright cites john cage 's 0000 composition of `` music of changes '' as the beginning of post-modern music .
leon botstein , on the other hand , asserts that musical modernism is characterized by `` a conception of modernity dominated by the progress of science , technology and industry , and by positivism , mechanization , urbanization , mass culture and nationalism '' , a reaction `` reflected not only enthusiasm but ambivalence and anxiety '' -lrb- botstein 0000 -rrb- .
examples of modernism in music .
`` see : list of modernistic pieces . ''
modernist movements include expansion to common practice tonality , such as debussy , strauss , mahler , the young schoenberg , stravinsky , and the polytonality of darius milhaud , paul hindemith , and charles ives .
alternatives to common practice include the twelve tone technique of the older arnold schoenberg and pupils , the serialism of milton babbitt and pierre boulez , as well as the high dissonance of carl ruggles , ruth crawford-seeger , and charles seeger 's dissonant counterpoint and henry cowell 's tone clusters .
futurists such as ferruccio busoni and luigi russolo looked to a future of music liberated to the point of being able to use any sound , even `` noises '' such as factory and mechanical sounds , while edgard varèse gave his pieces scientific-sounding names such as `` hyperprism '' and `` intégrales '' , comparing the musical structures to crystals , before creating electronic tape pieces such as `` poème électronique '' , premièred in the le corbusier designed philips pavilion at the 0000 brussels world 's fair with 000 speakers , designed with assistance by iannis xenakis himself applied mathematical concepts to the composition of music .
john cage and lou harrison wrote works for percussion orchestras , harrison eventually writing for and building gamelans , while cage popularized extended techniques on the piano in his prepared piano pieces.harry partch built his own ensemble of instruments , mostly percussion and string instruments , to allow the performance of his theatrical -lrb- `` corporeal '' -rrb- justly tuned microtonal alois hába specialized in alternative equal temperaments rather than the standard twelve-tone equal temperament and ives wrote quarter tone pieces for piano .
one of the aesthetical boundaries tested was that between speech and singing , with composers such as leoš janáček , schoenberg , alban berg , and harry partch suggesting greater attention to and use of speech in music .
alban berg wrote `` wozzeck '' using schoenberg 's sprechstimme , janáček based his melodies and motifs upon rhythms and inflections of hungarian speech , and partch devised his first just intonation instruments partly so as to play the fine pitch inflections of speech .
luciano berio explored all manner of vocal sounds in his piece `` sequenza iii '' for solo female voice .
it was written for and performed by his wife cathy berberian .
artists who were non-professional composers also wrote music with an emphasis on speech .
ezra pound wrote a monophonically chanted opera , t.s. eliot wrote `` the music of poetry '' -lrb- 0000 -rrb- , while dada artist kurt schwitters wrote `` speech-music '' that proved highly influential on later sound poets .
for example schwitters ' `` ursonate '' -lrb- 0000-00 -rrb- develops from words like `` fmsbwtözäu '' , taken from the `` poster-poems '' of raoul hausmann .
schoenberg was a painter , while dada and futurist visual artists such as jean cocteau and luigi russolo wrote music .
theodor w. adorno accused igor stravinsky 's music of being a `` pseudomorphism of painting . ''
xenakis created the philips pavilion at the 0000 brussels world fair after his earlier piece `` metastasis '' .
the ballet became more respected during the modernist period , see emile jaques-dalcroze , and the development of the film industry created a market and outlet for film composers such as communist hanns eisler who borrowed brecht and weill 's ideas of alienation from the theater .
many modernists are ardent individualists , such as varèse , transcendentalist charles ives , conlon nancarrow , who became an expatriot in mexico after fighting in the spanish civil war , and elliott carter .
carter composes atonal music with complex rhythms and often highly individualized parts , but refuses to be confined by writing twelve-tone or serial music .
béla bartók devoted much of his time to the study and preservation in recording of hungarian folk music , which influenced his music , while ruth crawford-seeger abandoned modernist composition for years while working as an ethnomusicologist studying , transcribing , and setting folk music .
the seegers were communists , while burl ives was , politically , blatantly populist , if androcentric , and considered that some insurance should be affordable for everyone .
he petitioned william howard taft in 0000 to transform the presidential election into a national referendum .
schoenberg wrote a zionist play about the establishment of a jewish homeland in africa .
filippo tommaso marinetti was one of the first fascists in italy .
igor stravinsky abandoned the `` dionysian '' modernism of his early work `` the rite of spring '' for a more `` apollonian '' neo-classicism .
aaron copland shifted from a highly dissonant modernist style to the populism of many of his works .
george perle sees a `` common practice '' in the `` shared premise of the harmonic equivalence of inversionally symmetrical pitch-class relations '' among modernist composers such as varèse , alban berg , béla bartók , arnold schoenberg , alexander scriabin , igor stravinsky , and anton webern .
history of modernism in music .
as with many other arts , the consciousness of modernity appeared before music which is now labelled `` modernist '' .
mahler and puccini both thought of themselves as modern composers and were concerned with their place in modern music .
the end of the 00th century and beginning of the 00th century saw a host of harmonic , melodic , and instrumental innovations in music , but in an effort to preserve and build upon the past , rather than radically alter it .
the defining break with the victorian and romantic tradition was the alliance of music with the depiction of new subjects , removing old unities , and with an intent to push the audience forward .
the rise of musical modernism can be tied to the rise of expressionism , primitivism and cubism in the arts , freudian theory in philosophy and the range of other artistic and scientific ideas which flowered forth from 0000 through the beginning of the first world war .
there was a conscious sense of seeing an analog between changes in music and changes in the other arts among the first wave of musical modernists .
the transitional moment came with the introduction by debussy and ravel of an expanded chord vocabulary now labelled `` impressionism '' ; this movement in painting and music is generally regarded as transitional , because while the intent was aesthetic appeal , its means were a departure from the formal , some might say academic , norms which held in the arts .
while initially controversial , impressionism became widely acceptable very quickly in all but the most conservative of artistic circles .
however , the precedent for a radical break with previous technique had been set .
another transitional force was the synthesis by richard strauss and gustav mahler of the music of wagner .
by detaching wagner 's musical innovations from the setting of the musical drama , strauss and mahler excited a generation of composers eager to use the broader range of chromatic possibilities which their techniques offered .
a third , and less carefully examined , road into musical modernism was the progressively more percussive use of the orchestra found in both italian opera and in russian concert music .
while rimsky-korsakov is not generally thought of as a precursor to modernism , some of his innovations were influential on the young igor stravinsky as well as other young russians of the early 00th century .
these included a use of exotic scales rarely seen in western music , as well as a brighter , colorful style of orchestration increasingly reliant on percussion for its effect .
despite albright 's definitions he points out examples of his three traits of modernism long before 0000 .
orlando gibbons ' `` the cries of london '' , joseph haydn 's `` the creation '' , and many romantic works attempt maximal comprehensiveness and depth , such as ludwig van beethoven 's ninth symphony .
semantic specificity has always existed , such as in clément janequin 's `` le chant des oiseaux '' -lrb- birds -rrb- , alessandro poglietti 's `` rossignolo '' -lrb- nightingale -rrb- , antonio vivaldi 's `` the four seasons '' -lrb- barking dog -rrb- , beethoven 's sixth symphony -lrb- birds -rrb- , or haydn 's `` the seasons '' -lrb- frog croaks -rrb- .
composers have long used semantic density to indicate disorder , while nicolas gombert has used four voices singing four simultaneous different antiphons to the virgin mary , as would be heard by the omniscient mary .
chromaticism has existed since the greeks in some conception or another , such as carlo gesualdo 's `` tristis est anima mea '' .
albright also points out that there are few traits of postmodernism not present in modernism .
erik satie and the neoclassicism of stravinsky is sometimes near indistinguishable with bricolage and polystylism .
surrealist marcel duchamp wrote chance music while cage was still into percussion .
musical modernism 's reception and controversy .
many people have criticized musical modernism , including george rochberg and fred lerdahl .
many others , including theodor w. adorno and carl dahlhaus , have defended it .
stanley cavell describes the `` burden of modernism '' as caused by a situation wherein the `` procedures and problems it now seems necessary to composers to employ and confront to make a work of art at all `` themselves '' insure that their work will not be comprehensible to an audience '' -lrb- cavell 0000 , 000 -rrb- .
brian ferneyhough coined the neologism `` too-muchness '' to describe the excess of information contained in music exhibiting the post-postmodernist new complexity .
arved ashby compares the information conveyed when `` modernism goes to the movies '' -lrb- 0000 -rrb- with the failure to communicate attributed to modernist music by lerdahl and others and concludes that `` the tendency to fault modernist music being non-syntactical would seem , then , to stem from interrelated desires to limit the powers of music in general and to prevent it from keeping pace with the sociogenetic , media-related tendencies of recent decades . ''
an exclosure , in an area being used extensively for grazing , is a limited area from which cattle -lrb- and sometimes wildlife -rrb- are excluded by fencing .
exclosures are sometimes constructed by government agencies that manage ranching on public lands -- a practice in which private owners of cattle pay , though often only a nominal sum , for the right to graze their livestock on the public lands .
the purpose of the exclosure is to determine what the area would be like -lrb- in appearance , ecological characteristics , etc. -rrb- if grazing were not permitted .
the ford zephyr was a car manufactured by the ford motor company in the united kingdom .
it was a larger saloon to complement the ford consul .
the zephyr and its luxury variant , the zephyr zodiac which appeared in 0000 , were the largest passenger cars in the british ford range from 0000 to 0000 before being replaced by a larger ford consul and granada .
the mark 0 ford consul and zephyr models were first displayed at the earls court motor show in 0000 .
production began with the consul on january 0 0000 .
the mk i model ran until 0000 .
from april '00 the mk ii consul , zephyr and zodiac went on sale and were known as the three graces .
the mk ii range was a big seller and finished its run in 0000 when from april that year the mk iii zephyr 0 , zephyr 0 and zodiac went on sale ; the consul name was dropped .
while the mk ii zephyr and zodiacs had shared the same body -lrb- although the consul had a shortened front and tail -rrb- , the new zodiac and zephyrs had few shared body panels .
with the mk iii , ford finally sorted out problems that had beset previous models -lrb- mk i axles and mk ii gearboxes were particular weaknesses -rrb- and the mk iii proved to be the most popular and durable of the range -lrb- it is said that possibly no other uk-based car had undergone as much pre-production testing -rrb- .
the model sold at a rate equal or better than the mk ii both in the uk and overseas , but was in production for a shorter period of time .
during the last months of production , an up-market executive version was added to the mk iii range , and examples of these are today highly sought after .
the mk iii range was discontinued in jan 0000 -lrb- many believe prematurely given the cars ' success -rrb- and the completely new zephyr/zodiac mk iv range was released in april 0000 .
this car was somewhat ahead of its time with a design that resembled one of the later consul/granada range with v-engines and independent rear suspension , but the research and development of the model was very rushed and this unfortunately reflected in the car 's durability .
although the ford zephyr never saw american production , cars were imported into the us and the name itself has appeared on other american ford-related cars : the mercury zephyr was an upscale version of the ford fairmont , and the lincoln zephyr began its second production run in 0000 -lrb- the first was from 0000 to 0000 -rrb- .
zephyr six -lrb- or `` zephyr mk i '' -rrb- .
the first of the zephyr range was a lengthened version of the consul with a six cylinder 0000 cc engine producing 00 bhp .
suspension was by coil springs at the front and a live axle with half elliptics at the rear .
the car could reach just over 00 mph and 00 mpg .
the ford zephyr six was available with 0-door saloon , estate car and convertible bodies .
the convertible version was made by carbodies and had a power-operated hood ; the estate car was by abbotts of farnham and was sold as the farnham .
zephyr zodiac -lrb- or `` zodiac mk i '' -rrb- .
the zephyr zodiac -lrb- or zodiac mki -rrb- was an upmarket version of the zephyr with two-tone paint , leather trim , heater , windscreen washers , whitewall tyres , spot lights , etc. .
the engine had a higher compression ratio - 0.0:0 instead of 0.0:0 - giving an increased power output of 00 bhp .
there are no official records of zodiac convertibles being produced but there were a few estate cars .
along with the zephyr , the zephyr zodiac was one of the first cars to use mcpherson strut front suspension .
in 0000 the consul , zephyr , and zodiac were all restyled to a new family look .
the 0-cylinder cars had a their engines enlarged to 0000 cc and the wheelbase was increased by 0 inches to 000 inches and the width increased to 00 inches .
the weight distribution and turning circle were also improved .
top speed increased to 00 mph and the economy was also better at 00 mpg .
the zodiac and zephyr were also offered in two body styles these being the ` highline ' and ` lowline ' , depending on the year of manufacture .
the two models shared various differing components from thicker a , b and c pillars to the shape of the instrument panel .
the ` highline ' variant featured a hemispherical instrument cluster , whereas the ` lowline ' had a more rectangular panel .
a locally-engineered version of each of these models was introduced to australia .
as well as a 0-speed manual gearbox there was an optional overdrive and from 0000 -lrb- 0000 in australia -rrb- a borg warner dg automatic transmission .
at first drum brakes were fitted all round -lrb- with a larger lining area of 000 sq in -rrb- but front discs became optional in 0000 and standard from mid 0000 -lrb- in australia only 0-wheel drum brakes were available ; some dealers fitted servo-assistance from 0000 -rrb- .
a convertible version was offered , and a pick-up -lrb- utility -rrb- and factory-built estate -lrb- station waggon -rrb- were sold on the australian market .
owing to the structural weaknesses inherent in the construction of convertibles very few convertibles are known to survive : probably only 00-00 examples .
the mk ii zodiac was slightly altered to distinguish it from the lesser variants , having more elaborate tail-end styling and at the front a different grille .
the auxiliary lamps and wing mirrors were deleted from the zodiac range but it retained two-tone paint , whitewall tyres , chrome wheel-trim embellishers and gold plated badges .
rather than call the smaller-engined model the consul as before , ford uk called it a zephyr 0 - the 0 to indicate that it had the four cylinder 0000 cc engine from old consul .
a four-speed manual geabox , now with synchromesh on all ratios , was standard , with overdrive or automatic transmission available as options .
model number :000 e ,000 e -lrb- right hand drive and left hand drive -rrb- the zephyr/zodiac mk iii shared some of its mechanical components , as well as the basic chassis design , with the mk ii , but had a stronger overall body construction .
the exterior was designed by canadian roy brown who also designed the edsel and the cortina , though the rear of the body was inspired by a design proposal by frua .
unlike the zephyr 0 , the zephyr 0 had a full width grille including the headlight surrounds .
with the same 0000 cc displacement as before , the mk iii model had higher compression ratio resulting in some 00 hp higher output as well as a broader torque range .
only saloons and estate cars were made , the estate being a conversion by abbotts of farnham .
australian versions had the option of a v0 in the form of a small-block ford .
the zodiac was an upmarket version of the zephyr 0 , but differed considerably from that model by the limousine-type rear doors , sharper roofline and tail , unique grille -lrb- four headlights instead of two -rrb- , exclusive bumper bars , plusher seating , and up-market upholstery , dashboard and interior fittings .
the front doors and bonnet panels were shared with the zephyr 0 .
the executive version had extra luxury fittings again .
a completely new and larger body was made for the mk iv range and the suspension was independent all round using coil springs .
disc brakes , servo-assisted , were used on all wheels .
the engines were new and of v format , the 0 having a 0000 cc v-0 and the 0 a 0000 cc v-0 unit .
the zodiac mk iv and ` executive ' had four headlights and an uprated 0000 cc v-0 engine .
the zodiac featured an alternator instead of a generator on the zephyr , an adjustable steering column , a spare wheel in the engine compartment , a heater and `` aeroflow '' ventilation , electric window washers , 0-speed wipers , a cigar lighter , rev counter , clock , ammeter and reversing lights as standard .
the ` executive ' was an upmarket version and had the highest specification offered by ford to uk customers in the 0000s .
automatic transmission , power steering and a sunroof were standard equipment .
other standard features included ; fully reclining front seats , walnut facia , full instrumentation , carpeting throughout , reversing lights , fog lamps , front inertia reel safety belts and a radio .
the executive was distinguishable from other models by exterior trim and name badges on the front and rear .
gustav hamel -lrb- june 00 , 0000 - may 00 , 0000 -rrb- was a pioneer british aviator .
hamel was prominent in the early history of aviation in britain , and in particular that of hendon airfield , where claude graham-white was energetically developing and promoting flying .
gustav hamel was educated at westminster school and chose to learn to fly at the blériot school at pau , france in 0000 at the age of 00 .
his first flight of note was on 00 march 0000 when he flew from hendon to brooklands in a record 00 minutes .
in the exploit for which he is best remembered , hamel flew a blériot on saturday 0 september 0000 , covering the 00 miles between hendon and windsor in 00 minutes to deliver the first official airmail to the postmaster general .
included was a postcard he had written en-route .
the many thousands of items of mail included commemorative postcards which are today treasured by collectors .
00 july 0000 the `` hinkley times '' reported : '' `` mr gustav hamel , the famous aviator , brought his aeroplane to the outwoods and gave a demonstration of powered flight .
this would have been the first time that most hinckley people had witnessed a motorized aeroplane .
the aeroplane flew over burbage and sketchley .
many people in mount road saw the plane as it flew low over their heads .
a mishap at the conclusion of the flight made any further flying that day impossible . '' ''
carrying newspapers by aeroplane .
an item in the magazine `` flight '' , august 00 , 0000 covered hamel 's unsuccessful attempt to convey newspapers from hendon to southend the previous saturday .
it appears that the publisher sponsored this event as a publicity stunt .
however , heavy weather forced the plane down at hammersmith in west london .
further reportage appears in the history of another airfield called ` hendon ' at bradford , yorkshire .
he was the first to fly from there on friday , august 0 , 0000 late in 0000 , looping the loop was perfected and became a popular event during the many public displays .
on january 0 0000 , hamel took miss trehawke davis aloft to experience a loop , and she thus became the first woman in the world to do so .
in march 0000 hamel flew to cardiff to give a public flying display .
while there he met charles horace watkins , who was an engineer perfecting his own aircraft called the robin gôch , or red robin .
contemporary newspaper reports indicate that a few minutes after they met , hamel flew them both to watkins ' hangar , where they inspected the robin gôch .
in these early days , flying was a dangerous endeavour ; accidents and deaths were common .
hamel died before reaching the age of 00 .
he disappeared over the channel on 00 may 0000 while returning from paris in a new 00hp morane-saulnier monoplane he had just collected .
at this time of high international tension , there was speculation that he might have been the victim of sabotage , but no trace was ever found and the story faded with his memory .
his contribution to flying , however , did not end entirely with his death : posthumously published was a seminal co-authored book on flying .
`` la disparition '' -lrb- literally , `` the disappearance '' -rrb- is a 000 page french lipogrammatic novel , written in 0000 by georges perec , entirely without the letter `` e '' , following oulipo constraints .
its translation into english by gilbert adair is entitled a void .
it was translated into english by gilbert adair , with the title a void , for which he won the scott moncrieff prize in 0000 .
another english translation by ian monk is titled a vanishing .
the book has also been translated into german -lrb- by eugen helmlé as anton voyls fortgang , 0000 -rrb- , spanish -lrb- el secuestro , 0000 -rrb- , turkish -lrb- by cemal yardımcı as kayboluş -rrb- , swedish -lrb- by sture pyk as försvinna , 0000 -rrb- and russian -lrb- by valeriy kislow as исчезание '' '' , 0000 -rrb- .
all translators have imposed upon themselves a similar lipogrammatic constraint to the original , avoiding the most commonly used letter of the alphabet .
this precludes the use of words normally considered essential such as `` je '' -lrb- `` i '' -rrb- and `` le '' -lrb- masculine `` the '' -rrb- in french , and `` me '' and `` the '' in english .
the spanish version contains no `` a '' , which is the most commonly used letter in that language .
`` a void '' 's plot follows a group of people hunting a missing companion , anton vowl .
it is in part a parody of noir and horror fiction , with many stylistic tricks and gags , plot convolutions , and a grim conclusion .
in many parts it implicitly talks about its own lipogrammatic limitation : illustrations of this including a missing chapter 0 -lrb- of 00 -rrb- , and calling its main protagonist `` vowl '' .
the characters within `` a void '' do work out what is missing , but find difficulty discussing or naming it as it has no word or form that conforms to its author 's constraint .
philip howard , writing a lipogrammatic appraisal of a void in a british daily journal , said , `` this is a story chock-full of plots and sub-plots , of loops within loops , of trails in pursuit of trails , all of which allow its author an opportunity to display his customary virtuosity as an avant-gardist magician , acrobat and clown . ''
both of georges perec 's parents perished in world war ii , and he was brought up by his aunt and uncle .
warren motte , writing an article on perec in the literary magazine `` context '' , picks up on this and interprets the themes of the book as follows .
lapin kulta -lrb- in english , lapp gold -rrb- is the brand name of a finnish beer brewed by a company of the same name .
the brewery , based in the lapland town of tornio , finland was founded in 0000 under the name torneå bryggeri aktiebolag -lrb- tornio brewery limited company in swedish -rrb- .
it is now owned by hartwall -lrb- scottish & newcastle -rrb- .
lapin kulta is said to have an aromatic and fruity nose and a crisp and smooth taste .
.
the brand name has also been extended and is now used on a variety of lagers of varying strengths .
the brewery was founded in 0000 , but the name lapin kulta was not adopted until 0000 .
the brewery had to acquire a gold mining company with an identical name in order to rightfully use the name .
the company 's articles of association still state the line of business to be `` prospecting for gold and the manufacture and sales of beer '' .
lapin kulta 's focus is on high quality ingredients -lrb- malt barley , clear water , and their own yeast strain -rrb- .
this , coupled with successful marketing made it the most popular brand in finland .
after a merger with the hartwall beverage company in 0000 , the brand name entered the export market and by now it is available in most european countries .
the piano nobile is the principal floor of a large house , usually built in one of the styles of classical renaissance architecture .
this floor contains the principal reception and bedrooms of the house .
the piano nobile is often the first or sometimes the second floor , located above an -lrb- often rusticated -rrb- ground floor containing minor rooms and service rooms .
the reasons for this were so the rooms would have finer views , and more practically to avoid damp .
this is especially true in venice where the piano nobile of the many palazzi is especially obvious from the exterior by virtue of its larger windows and balconies and open loggias .
examples of this are ca ' foscari , ca ' d'oro and palazzo barbarigo .
larger windows than those on other floors are usually the most obvious feature of the piano nobile .
often in england and italy the piano nobile is reached by an ornate outer staircase , which negated the need for the inhabitants of this floor to enter the house by the servant 's floor below .
kedleston hall is an example of this in england , as is villa capra in italy .
most houses contained a secondary floor above the piano nobile which contained more intimate withdrawing and bedrooms for private use by the family of the house when no honoured guests were present .
above this floor would often be an attic floor containing staff bedrooms .
in italy , especially in town palazzi , the floor above the piano nobile is sometimes referred to as the `` second piano nobile '' , especially if the loggias and balconies reflect those below on a slightly smaller scale .
this term while often used is technically incorrect as the piano nobile always contains the grandest rooms , therefore the secondary floor by its very name can not be as grand .
this term is not used in britain .
this arrangement of floors continued throughout europe for as long as large houses continued to be built in the classical styles .
this arrangement was designed at buckingham palace as recently as the mid 00th century .
holkham hall , osterley park and chiswick house are 00th century english houses which employed this design .
reality checkpoint is the name given to a large lamp-post in the middle of parker 's piece , cambridge , england where the diagonal paths cross in the middle of the common .
the name comes from an unofficial inscription which has been painted on the lamp-post since the early 0000s .
there are three main theories as to the meaning of the name : one report claims that the name was first painted on the lamp post by students from ccat -lrb- now anglia ruskin university -rrb- under the guidance of one of their teachers .
it has been repeatedly re-painted since then in response to removal by the council or obliteration by graffiti .
for the first half of 0000 the lamp-post carried an unofficial plaque bearing its name .
the cordillera del paine is a small but spectacular mountain group in torres del paine national park in chilean patagonia .
it is located 000 km -lrb- 000 miles -rrb- north of punta arenas , and about 0,000 km south of the chilean capital santiago .
it belongs to the commune of torres del paine in última esperanza province of magallanes y antártica chilena region .
no accurate surveys have been published , and published elevations are often seriously inflated , so the elevations given on this page are all approximate .
the highest summit of the range is probably cerro paine grande , at .
its elevation is usually claimed to be 0,000 m but analysis of local photography suggests that it may be nearer to 0,000 m .
the best-known and most spectacular summits are the three towers of paine -lrb- spanish : torres del paine , -rrb- .
they are gigantic granite monoliths shaped by the forces of glacial ice .
the south tower of paine -lrb- about 0,000 m , at -rrb- is now thought to be the highest of the three , although this has not been definitely established .
it was first climbed by armando aste .
the central tower of paine -lrb- about 0,000 m or 0,000 feet -rrb- was first climbed in 0000 by chris bonington and don whillans , and the north tower of paine -lrb- about 0,000 m -rrb- was first climbed by guido monzino .
other summits include the cuerno principal , about 0,000 m but often quoted at 0,000 m , and cerro paine chico , which is usually correctly quoted at about 0,000 m .
the torres del paine national park - an area of 0,000 km ² - was declared a biosphere reserve by the unesco in 0000 and is a popular hiking destination .
there are clearly marked paths and many `` refugios '' which provide shelter and basic services .
views are breathtaking .
hikers can opt for a day trip to see the towers , walk the popular `` w '' route in about five days , or trek the full circle in 0-0 days .
it is a national park and thus hikers are not allowed to stray from the paths .
camping is only allowed at specified campsites , and wood fires are prohibited in the whole park .
in 0000 , a czech backpacker camping in the park used a gas stove and caused a fire that destroyed 000 km ² of the park .
replanting , with assistance from the czech republic , was set to begin in september 0000 .
cent mille milliards de poèmes list of biosphere reserves in chile this is a complete list of biosphere reserves in chile .
huangpu can refer to several places in china : johannes chrysostomus wolfgangus theophilus mozart the titan iv family -lrb- including the iva and ivb -rrb- of space boosters were used by the us air force .
they were launched from cape canaveral air force station , florida , and vandenberg air force base , california .
the titan iv was retired in 0000 .
the final launch -lrb- b-00 -rrb- from cape canaveral afs occurred on april 00 , 0000 , and the final launch from vandenberg afb occurred on october 00 , 0000 .
the titan iv was developed to provide assured capability to launch space shuttle-class payloads for the air force .
the titan iv could be launched with no upper stage , or either of two upper stages , the ius -lrb- inertial upper stage -rrb- , and the centaur upper stage .
the titan iv was made up of two large solid-fuel rocket boosters and a two stage liquid-fueled core .
it was launched using the solid-fuel boosters alone , with the first liquid core stage ignited about 0 minutes into flight .
the two storable liquid fuel core stages used aerozine 00 fuel and nitrogen tetroxide oxidizer .
these propellants are hypergolic -lrb- ignite on contact at room temperature -rrb- and can be stored in a launch-ready state for extended periods .
the titan iv could be launched from either coast : slc-00 or 00 at cape canaveral air force station near cocoa beach , fl and at slc-0e , at vandenberg air force base launch sites sixty miles north of santa barbara in california .
choice of launch site depended on mission parameters and mission goals .
the titan rocket family was established in october 0000 when the air force awarded lockheed martin -lrb- the former glenn l. martin company -rrb- a contract to build an intercontinental ballistic missile -lrb- sm-00 -rrb- .
it became known as the titan i , the nation 's first two-stage icbm and replaced the atlas icbm as the second underground vertically stored , silo-based icbm .
both stages of the titan i used liquid oxygen and rp-0 as propellants .
a subsequent version of the titan family , the titan ii , was similar to the titan i , but was much more powerful .
designated as lgm-00c , the titan ii was the largest missile developed for the usaf at that time .
the titan ii had newly developed engines which used aerozine 00 and nitrogen tetroxide as fuel and oxidizer .
titan iii development began in 0000 with the titan iiia .
years later , the titan ivb evolved from the titan iii family and is similar to the titan 00d .
the last titan iva was launched in august 0000 .
the first titan ivb flew on feb. 00 , 0000 .
the titan ivb was an upgraded rocket having a new guidance system , flight termination system , ground checkout system , solid rocket motor upgrade and a 00 percent increase in thrust capability .
in the early 0000s , general dynamics planned to use a space shuttle to lift a lunar module into orbit and then launch a titan iv rocket with an apollo-type service module to rendezvous and dock -- making a moonship for a lunar landing .
the plan required the space shuttle and titan iv to use aluminum-lithium fuel tanks instead of aluminum to make a greater payload weight for takeoff .
the original plan never came to fruition but in the 0000s both the shuttle and the titan iv were converted to aluminum-lithium tanks to rendezvous with the highly inclined orbit of the russian mir space station .
the titan ivb became obsolete with the advent of the atlas v rocket and the delta iv heavy rocket booster launch vehicles in 0000 .
mohammed tlili ben abdallah -lrb- -rrb- , also known as gammoudi , -lrb- born february 00 , 0000 -rrb- is a former tunisian athlete , and winner of 0000 metres at the 0000 summer olympics .
born in sidi ach , tunisia , mohammed gammoudi was one of the pioneers of the african long distance running revolution that changed the face of the sport in the final decades of the 00th century .
0000 mediterranean games and 0000 olympics .
gammoudi first came to international attention at the 0000 mediterranean games in naples , where he won the 0000 m and 00 000 m. despite that achievement , gammoudi was still virtually unknown when he arrived at the tokyo olympic games .
the favourite , world record holder ron clarke from australia , ensured a fast tempo throughout the race .
with one lap remaining , clarke had dropped all his main rivals , except gammoudi and billy mills from united states .
coming into the home straight , clarke and gammoudi exchanged leads .
with 00 m to go , gammoudi had the lead , until mills swept past gammoudi to win the gold medal .
two days later , gammoudi won his heat in the 0000 m , but for reasons never fully explained , he withdrew from the final .
0000 mediterranean games and 0000 olympics .
gammoudi successfully defended his 0000 m and 00 000 m titles at the mediterranean games in tunis in the 0000 , and was one of the favourites at the mexico olympics .
in the 00 000 m final , gammoudi was in the leading group throughout the race .
the group had been reduced to three by the bell lap .
gammoudi , naftali temu from kenya , and mamo wolde from ethiopia sprinted the last lap , outrunning gammoudi , leaving him with the bronze medal .
two days later , gammoudi qualified for the 0000 m final .
in the final , three runners were in contention at the bell lap , with gammoudi leading temu and another kenyan , kip keino .
the last lap was fast pace , and although the two kenyans gave charge , gammoudi held on to the lead , winning the gold medal .
0000 mediterranean games and 0000 olympics .
at the next mediterranean games , at i̇zmir in 0000 , gammoudi 's won the silver in the 0000 m. despite his disappointing performance at izmir , gammoudi was one of the favourites in the impressive 0,000 m and 00,000 m fields at the munich olympics .
in the 00 000 m final , a tightly bunched group of nine runners were traveling at sub-world record pace just before the 0000 m mark , when lasse virén from finland suddenly stumbled and fell over , causing gammoudi to tumble over the top of him .
virén recovered quickly and went on to win the race , but gammoudi took much longer getting to his feet , and after running for a lap and a half to close the 000 m gap that had opened between himself and the leaders , he dropped out .
in contrast to the 00,000 m pace , the early stages of the 0000 m final were run at a very slow pace , with gammoudi prominent in the pack that remained tightly bunched for the first 0000 m .
the pace picked up considerably in the last 0000 m , with virén and united states champion steve prefontaine separating from the pack .
the last mile turned into an all out sprint , with virén beating gammoudi by about ten meters , in the latter 's last major competitive race .
k. lierse s.k. is a belgian football club , from the town of lier in the antwerp province .
its matricule is the n ° 00 .
the most capped player at the club is bernard voorhoof -lrb- topscorer of the belgium national football team with paul van himst -rrb- with 00 caps , all when he was at lierse .
lierse s.k. was in the jupiler league from 0000-00 till 0000-00 .
the team is one of the most traditional belgian teams with a more than 000 years history .
lierse s.k had a series of first division championship wins , with the last one in 0000 .
the club is playing in the herman vanderpoortenstadion in lier , which is sometimes also called ` het lisp ' , because of the neighbourhood it is located in .
the club has been recently bought by an egyptian bussiness man named maged samy .
he bought the club by paying all of its depts .
a = appearances , b = matches played , c = won , d = drawn , e = lost , f = goals for , g = goals against .
elsie inglis -lrb- 00 august 0000 -- 00 november 0000 -rrb- was an innovative scottish doctor .
she was born in the hill station town of naini tal , india to a father who worked in the indian civil service .
she had the good fortune to have relatively enlightened parents for the time who considered the education of a daughter as important as that of the son .
after a private education her decision to study medicine was delayed by her mother 's death in 0000 , when she felt obliged to stay in edinburgh with her father .
however , the next year the edinburgh school of medicine for women was opened by dr sophia jex-blake and inglis started her studies there .
after founding her own breakaway medical college as a reaction to jex-blake 's uncompromising ways , she completed her training under sir william macewen at the glasgow royal infirmary .
she qualified as a licentiate of both the royal college of physicians and surgeons , edinburgh , and the faculty of physicians and surgeons of glasgow in 0000 .
she was appalled by the general standard of care and lack of specialisation in the needs of female patients , but was able to obtain a post at elizabeth garrett anderson 's pioneering new hospital for women in london , and then at the rotunda in dublin , a leading maternity hospital .
she returned to edinburgh in 0000 where she set up a medical practice with jessie macgregor , who had been a fellow student , and also opened a maternity hospital -lrb- the hospice -rrb- for poor women alongside a midwifery resource centre , which was a forerunner of the elsie inglis memorial hospital .
a philanthropist , she often waived the fees owed to her and would pay for her patients to recuperate by the sea-side .
she was a consultant at bruntsfield hospital for women and children , and despite a disagreement between inglis and the hospital management , the hospice joined forces with them in 0000 .
her dissatisfaction with the standard of medical care available to women led to her becoming politically active and playing an important role in the early years of the scottish federation of women 's suffrage societies .
despite her already notable achievements it was her efforts during the first world war that brought her fame .
she was instrumental in setting up the scottish women 's hospitals for foreign service committee , an organisation funded by the women 's suffrage movement with the express aim of providing all female staffed relief hospitals for the allied war effort .
the organisation was active in sending teams to france , serbia and russia .
she herself went with the teams sent to serbia where her presence and work in improving hygiene reduced typhus and other epidemics that had been raging there .
in 0000 she was captured and repatriated but upon reaching home she began organising funds for a scottish women 's hospital team in russia .
she headed the team when it left for odessa , russia in 0000 but lasted only a year before she was forced to return to the united kingdom , suffering from cancer .
she died on 00 november 0000 , the day after she arrived back at newcastle upon tyne .
her funeral service at st giles cathedral in edinburgh on 00 november was `` the occasion of an impressive public tribute '' , according to `` the scotsman '' .
winston churchill said of inglis and her nurses `` they will shine in history '' .
punitive psychiatry in the soviet union in the soviet union , psychiatry was used for punitive purposes .
psychiatric hospitals were often used by the authorities as prisons in order to isolate political prisoners from the rest of society , discredit their ideas , and break them physically and mentally ; as such they were considered a form of torture .
the official explanation was that `` no sane person would declaim against soviet government and communism '' .
psikhushka -lrb- -rrb- is a russian colloquialism for psychiatric hospital .
it has been occasionally used in english since the dissident movement in the soviet union became known in the west .
psikhushkas had been already used since the end of the 0000s -lrb- see alexander esenin-volpin -rrb- and during the khrushchev thaw period in the 0000s .
one of the first psikhushkas was the psychiatric prison hospital in the city of kazan .
it was transferred to nkvd control in 0000 under the order of lavrentiy beria .
on april 00 0000 the head of kgb , yuri andropov , submitted to the central committee of cpsu a plan for creating of a network of psikhushkas .
the official soviet psychiatry allegedly abused the diagnosis of sluggishly progressing schizophrenia -lrb- -rrb- , a special form of the illness that supposedly affects only the person 's social behavior , with no trace of other traits : `` most frequently , ideas about a `` struggle for truth and justice '' are formed by personalities with a paranoid structure , '' according to the moscow serbsky institute professors -lrb- a quote from vladimir bukovsky 's archives -rrb- .
some of them had high rank in the mvd , such as the infamous danil luntz , who was characterized by viktor nekipelov as `` no better than the criminal doctors who performed inhuman experiments on the prisoners in nazi concentration camps '' .
the sane individuals who were diagnosed as mentally ill were sent either to regular psychiatric hospitals or , those deemed particularly dangerous , to special ones , run directly by the mvd .
the treatment included various forms of restraint , electric shocks , a range of drugs -lrb- such as narcotics , tranquilizers , and insulin -rrb- that cause long lasting side effects , and sometimes involved beatings .
nekipelov describes inhuman uses of medical procedures such as lumbar punctures .
at least 000 sane people were treated for `` politically defined madness '' in the soviet union , and there were surely hundreds more .
soviet psychiatric abuse exposed .
in 0000 , bukovsky managed to smuggle to the west over 000 pages documenting abuse of psychiatric institutions for political reasons in the ussr .
the facts galvanized the human rights activists worldwide , including inside the ussr .
in january 0000 , the soviet authorities incarcerated bukovsky for 0 years of imprisonment plus 0 years in exile , officially for contacts with foreign journalists and possession and distribution of samizdat -lrb- article 00-0 -rrb- .
together with a fellow inmate in vladimir prison , psychiatrist semyon gluzman , bukovsky coauthored `` a manual on psychiatry for dissidents '' in order to help other dissidents fight abuses of the authorities .
in 0000 , a renowned soviet physicist academician andrei sakharov supported protest of two political prisoners , v. fainberg and v. borisov , who announced a hunger strike against `` compulsory therapeutic treatment with medications injurious to mental activity '' in a leningrad psychiatric institution .
for his activism in defense of human rights sakharov was expelled from the soviet academy of sciences and sent to internal exile .
reaction by the world psychiatric association .
when early concerns were raised in the world psychiatric association -lrb- wpa -rrb- , the soviet delegation threatened to withdraw from the international organization and wpa held out its involvement in the issue .
as the number of documented cases of abuse continued to increase and international protests started to mount , wpa changed its stance and adopted ethical code of conduct for its members and established investigative bodies to enforce it .
the first committee against the political abuse of psychiatry was founded in 0000 in geneva .
in 0000 , the wpa 's world congress in honolulu adopted the declaration of hawaii , the first document to set forth a set of basic ethical standards guiding the work of psychiatrists worldwide .
the congress also officially condemned soviet political psychiatric abuses for the first time .
in 0000 , facing imminent expulsion from the wpa , the soviet delegation voluntarily withdrew , and in 0000 the wpa 's world congress in vienna adopted a resolution that placed strict conditions on its return .
mikhail gorbachev 's glasnost campaign significantly contributed to the exposure of more evidence in the soviet press .
in 0000 , two years before the collapse of the soviet union , the soviet delegation to the wpa 's world congress in athens acknowledged that systematic abuse of psychiatry for political purposes had indeed taken place in their country .
the moscow serbsky institute still conducts thousands of court-ordered evaluations per year , and is a source of many modern conspiracy theories .
when war criminal yuri budanov was tested there in 0000 , the panel conducting the inquiry was led by tamara pechernikova , who earlier condemned poet natalya gorbanevskaya .
budanov was found not guilty by reason of `` temporary insanity '' .
after public outrage , he was found sane by another panel that included georgi morozov , the former serbsky director who declared many dissidents insane in the past .
there have been reports in the 0000s about alleged imprisonment of people `` inconvenient '' for russian authorities in psychiatric institutions .
the bbc reported , notably , that dissident larisa arap was forcibly confined at a psychiatric clinic in apatity .
umberto bossi -lrb- born september 00 , 0000 -rrb- is an italian politician , leader of the northern league , a party seeking autonomy or independence for northern italy .
he is married to sicilian manuela marrone and has four sons -lrb- of which one from his first wife -rrb- .
umberto bossi was born in 0000 in cassano magnago , in the province of varese -lrb- lombardy -rrb- .
he graduated scientific high school -lrb- `` liceo scientifico '' -rrb- and later began studying medicine at the university of pavia -- for which he did not acquire a degree .
while at the university of pavia , in february 0000 , he met bruno salvadori , leader of the valdotanian union .
before becoming a politician , bossi was a sympathiser of the italian communist party in his early years .
after the death of salvadori in a car accident during the summer of 0000 , bossi began focusing more on lombardy .
after two years , the `` lombard autonomist league '' was born .
in that period bossi met his second wife , manuela marrone .
the lega lombarda would later seek alliances with similar movements in veneto and piedmont , forming the northern league , of which he is still the federal secretary .
he became the undisputed and unchallenged leader of the party , a position that he has maintained to this day , even after a serious stroke .
when the scandals of tangentopoli were unveiled from 0000 on , bossi rode the wave , presenting himself as the new man in politics , set out to sweep away corruption and incompetence .
bossi himself , however , received an eight months suspended prison sentence , along with lega nord 's treasurer at the time of the events alessandro patelli , for receiving a 000-million lire bribe in a trial that sentenced also many of the politicians he routinely attacked , as bettino craxi , arnaldo forlani and others .
bossi 's sentence was upheld in appeals .
in 0000 , bossi received a one-year suspended prison sentence for the incitement of violence after he uttered the following sentence at a lega nord meeting : `` we must hunt down these rascals -lrb- neo-fascists -rrb- , and if they take votes from us , then let 's comb the area house by house , because we kicked the fascists out of here once before after the war . ''
bossi named his two last sons with unusual , politically-charged names , `` roberto libertà '' -lrb- `` libertà '' means freedom , and it is a feminine noun in italian -rrb- and `` eridano sirio '' -lrb- `` eridano '' would be the name of an ancient god of the po river -rrb- .
bossi began his institutional career in 0000 as the only senator of the lega nord , of which he was the leader .
he was then given the nickname `` senatur '' -lrb- pron .
-lsb- sena ` tu : r -rsb- -rrb- , `` senator '' in lombard , which stuck even when he was later elected as a mp in the italian chamber of deputies .
he was instrumental in the unexpected victory of silvio berlusconi 's coalition in 0000 , but he broke the alliance after just a few months , with the first berlusconi cabinet collapsing before christmas 0000 .
bossi later attacked repeatedly berlusconi with direct verbal violence , using much of his rhetorics .
terms he used included : `` berlus-kaiser '' , `` berluscazz '' -lrb- `` berluscock '' -rrb- , `` berlusconi mafioso '' .
he also threatened mining the antennas that spread the signals of berlusconi 's televisions , a threat that a few extremist followers took seriously , carrying out some minor sabotage actions ; these never compromised berlusconi 's tv stations , however , and constituted mostly a curiosity in the news .
after a subsidiary of the berlusconi empire granted a loan to relieve the waning finances of lega nord , bossi agreed to return to an alliance with berlusconi , which ultimately led to the -lrb- this time , easily predicted -rrb- 0000 electoral victory .
he then served in silvio berlusconi 's second cabinet as reforms minister .
however , after suffering a serious stroke on march 00 , 0000 , which seriously impaired his speech , he quit on july 00 , 0000 to take up a seat as a member of the european parliament .
bossi is now slowly returning to active politics .
the return to political activity .
on 00th january 0000 bossi appeared on the political scene at the last house of the lombard federalist politician carlo cattaneo at lugano after 000 days from the accident .
during that day , he met the minister of economy giulio tremonti -lrb- forza italia -rrb- with whom he constituted the political agreement called `` the alliance of the north '' -lrb- asse del nord -rrb- .
he also met a representative of lega dei ticinesi , a swiss localist movement led by the luganese enterpreneur giuliano bignasca .
during his speech bossi spoke against the `` europe of masons '' .
during the national elections of 0000 he signed a political agreement with `` movimento per l'autonomia '' of the sicilian politician raffaele lombardo .
on 00th september 0000 he returned in venice for the 00th anniversary of the declaration of independence of padania .
he declarated that the parliament of the north must be opened again .
on 0nd february 0000 , in vicenza , he officially opened the first monthly meeting of the parliament of the north .
a motor glider is a fixed-wing aircraft that can be flown with or without engine power .
the fai gliding commission sporting code definition is : motor glider : a fixed wing aerodyne equipped with a means of propulsion -lrb- mop -rrb- , capable of sustained soaring flight without thrust from the means of propulsion .
most motor gliders are equipped with a propeller , which may be fixed , feathering , or retractable .
fixed or feathering propeller .
motor gliders with fixed or full feathering propellers are generally classified as touring motor gliders -lrb- tmgs -rrb- .
tmg 's can be take off and cruise like an airplane or soar with power off like a glider .
they are fitted with front mounted engines , similar to a small airplane .
the large wingspans of tmgs provide a moderate gliding performance , though worse than that of unpowered gliders .
however tmgs are more efficient than conventional light aircraft .
most tmgs are designed with engines of 00 to 000 hp and typically cruise -lrb- under power -rrb- at 00 - 000 kts .
most have fuel tanks capable of holding 00 and up to 000 liters -lrb- 00 to 00 us gallons -rrb- of fuel , giving tmg 's great range under power of up to 000 us nautical miles -lrb- aprox .
000 kilometers -rrb- .
some tmg 's are equipped with folding wings to allow them to fit in standard small airplane t-hangars .
touring motor gliders must self-launch , because they are not equipped with tow hooks for launching like a conventional glider .
the self-launch requirement however , is most desirable to those pilots who wish to fly a glider , but have no access to tow planes or ground launching equipment .
the landing gear configuration on tmgs usually incorporates two fixed main wheels , allowing it to be taxied on the ground without a wing walker .
while some tmgs have only one main wheel , with auxiliary trolley wheels on the wings for taxiing , it is becoming more common to find tmgs being manufactured with tricycle and conventional -lrb- two fixed main wheels - i.e a `` tail-dragger '' -rrb- landing gear configurations .
since the additional drag of the stopped propeller and landing gear reduces their gliding performance , tmgs are seldom used in competition .
the retractable propeller is usually mounted on a mast that rotates up and forward out of the fuselage , aft of the cockpit and wing carry-through structure .
the fuselage has engine bay doors that open and close automatically , similar to landing gear doors .
the engine may be near the top or bottom of the mast , and newer designs have the engine fixed in the fuselage to reduce noise and drag .
-lsb- -lsb- image : schleicher ash 00e sailplane 0 .
jpg | thumb | left | schleicher ash 00e self-launching motor glider , with the engine mast extended .
a stemme s00 is in the background with the nose cone extended -rsb- -rsb- unlike tmg 's , most gliders with retractable propellers are also fitted with a tow-hooks for aero-towing or ground launch .
they have a single axle retractable main wheel on the fuselage like most unpowered gliders , so they do require assistance during ground operations .
the two-stroke engines commonly used are not efficient at reduced power for level cruising flight , and instead must use a `` saw-tooth '' flight profile where the glider climbs at full power , then glides with the engine retracted .
sustainer motor gliders must be launched like an unpowered glider , but can climb slowly to extend a flight once the engine is deployed and started .
they generally do not have an alternator or starter motor , so the engine is started by `` wind-milling '' the propeller in flight .
the propeller may be a rigid 0-blade design , or may have more than two blades that fold at the hub when the engine is retracted .
the propeller hub is usually attached directly to the crankshaft , but there is at least one example of a sustainer with a belt reduction drive , the dg-0000t .
the smaller sustainer engines are usually not equipped with a throttle , but instead have a cable to open decompression valves in each cylinder to allow the engine to turn freely for starting .
sustainer engines are typically two-stroke two-cylinder air-cooled engines in the range of 00-00 hp -lrb- 00-00 kw -rrb- .
they are lighter in weight , and simpler to operate than self-launching powerplants .
-lsb- -lsb- image : wankelpp.jpg | thumb | right | powerplant from a schleicher ash 00e self-launching motor glider , mounted on a test stand for maintenance at the alexander schleicher gmbh & co in poppenhausen , germany .
counter-clockwise from top left : propeller hub , mast with belt guide , radiator , wankel engine , muffler shroud . -rsb- -rsb-
self launching retractable propeller motor gliders have sufficient thrust and initial climb rate to take off safely without assistance , or they may be launched as with a conventional glider .
the engines also have a starter motor and a large battery to allow the engine to be started on the ground , and an alternator to recharge the battery .
a two blade propeller is typically coupled to the engine via a belt reduction drive , and the propeller alignment must be checked by the pilot using a mirror , before it is retracted into the fuselage .
these larger engines benefit from mounting in the fuselage , rather than on the propeller mast .
this allows them to be connected to a larger muffler for reduced noise when operating .
it also allows the belt tension to be relieved when the engine is retracted to extend the life of the belt and bearings .
self launching engines are equipped with a throttle that allows the engine power to be adjusted for ground operations .
self launching engines are typically in the range of 00-00 hp -lrb- 00-00 kw -rrb- .
the higher engine output power requires liquid cooling with a separate radiator mounted on the propeller mast .
engines commonly used are two-stroke piston engines , or wankel rotary engines .
on the stemme s00 , the propeller folds into the nose cone , and is connected to the rear mounted engine with a drive shaft .
it also has two retractable main wheels , allowing it to be taxiied without assistance , and to soar with low drag .
these features make it a cross-over between the touring and retractable propeller motor gliders .
it does not have a tow-hook , so it must self launch .
the s00-vt variant has a two-position variable pitch propeller and a turbocharger on the engine , which allows the aircraft to cruise at altitudes up to 00,000 feet -lrb- 0000 m -rrb- .
on the ams carat , the propeller folds forward , pointing straight ahead like a spear .
although most motor gliders have gasoline fueled internal combustion engines , recently electric powered self-launchers such as the antares 00e and the silent 0 targa le -lrb- lithium electric -rrb- have been developed .
there was also one example of a factory produced self-launching motor glider fitted with a jet engine , the caproni vizzola a00j calif. .
the jet engine was mounted inside the fuselage behind the wing , with fixed intake and exhaust ducts coupled to the outside air stream for engine operation .
the jonkers js-0 revelation is a current design available with a sustainer jet engine .
the highly modified alisport silent-j is a self-launching aerobatic motor glider on the u.s. airshow circuit , powered by twin amt-usa at-000 jet engines -lrb- 000 n -lrb- 00 lbf -rrb- of thrust each -rrb- originally developed for radio-controlled aircraft .
the ability to use an engine allows glider pilots additional operational flexibility not possible in an unpowered glider .
however , the engine can not always be relied upon to start in flight , so the pilot must allow for this possibility .
the generally accepted practice is to get in position for landing at a suitable airport , or off-airport out-landing field , before extending the propeller and attempting an engine start .
this allows for a safe landing in the event that the engine can not be started in time .
.
in soaring competitions , starting the engine is usually scored the same as an out-landing in an unpowered glider .
to detect the use of the engine , gnss flight recorders used in motor gliders must have a noise sensor that allows recording the sound level along with position and altitude .
in many competitions , the rules require that the pilot start the engine at the beginning of the flight , before starting the task , to ensure an engine start later in the flight will be detected .
gliders without an engine are lighter and , as they do not need a safety margin for an engine-start , they can safely thermal at lower altitudes in weaker conditions .
so , pilots in unpowered gliders may complete competition flights when some powered competitors can not .
conversely , motor glider pilots can start the engine if conditions will no longer support soaring flight , while unpowered gliders will have to land out , away from the home airfield , requiring retrieval by road using the glider 's trailer .
the most important point in favor of powered gliders -lrb- retractable engine high-performance types -rrb- is that it helps pilots to avoid outlandings .
outlandings , while they are not necessarily dangerous , can be an expensive and time-consuming nuisance for competitive pilots who need to be back home at a set time .
another consideration is that a retrieve crew is needed on stand-by .
however the sense of achievement in completing a difficult cross-country is lessened if an engine has been available .
the presence of an engine can increase the safety of gliding , as a powerplant increases the ability of the pilot to avoid storms and off-airport landings .
however , the additional complexity of engine operation is also a factor in accidents , so this point is not necessarily supported by an analysis of accident data .
an opposing view is that motor gliders are against the spirit of the sport , and , more importantly , that they sometimes give pilots a false sense of security .
even with a motor glider , it is still important never to be out of gliding range of a landable area .
touring motor gliders are seldom used in competition , but they can be useful in training for cross-country flights .
after take-off , the engine is switched off , and the trainee flies the aircraft as a glider .
landings in unfamiliar fields can be practiced while the motor idles .
if the trainee chooses an inappropriate field , or misjudges the approach , the instructor can apply power and climb away safely , after pointing out the error .
recently , pilot licensing terms have changed in europe .
powered gliders are now categorized into gliders with retractable propellers/engines , which can be flown with an ordinary glider pilot license -lrb- gpl -rrb- , and touring motor gliders -lrb- tmg -rrb- , which require a specific license extension to the standard gpl .
in the united kingdom , where gliding is regulated by the british gliding association , pilots of self-sustaining gliders , like those of pure gliders , do not have to be licensed with the united kingdom civil aviation authority .
in the united states , a private glider pilot certificate allows the pilot to fly unpowered gliders , self-launching motor gliders -lrb- including touring motor gliders and gliders with retractable engines or propellors -rrb- and sustainer motor gliders .
an instructor must provide instruction and sign the logbook of the pilot to authorize the launch method , which may be by airplane towing , ground launch -lrb- winches , bungee , auto tow , etc. -rrb- or , in the case of a suitable motor glider , by self-launching .
in the us , motor gliders are classified as gliders , and so may be operated by a glider pilot without the medical certificate required to operate an airplane .
wasd -lrb- also conceptually known by common variants esdf and ijkl -rrb- is a set of four keys on a qwerty or qwertz computer keyboard which mimics the inverted-t configuration of the arrow keys .
these keys are often used to control the player character 's movement in computer games .
w/s control forward and backward and a/d control strafing left and right .
primarily , wasd is used to account for the fact that the arrow keys are not ergonomic to use in conjunction with a right-handed mouse .
many gamers consider the wasd keys to be superior to the arrow keys for other various reasons , including the fact that more keys -lrb- and therefore , game commands -rrb- are easily accessible with the left hand when placed near wasd .
left-handed mouse users may ditch the arrow keys for similar reasons , using the numpad or ijkl instead with their right hands .
after being popularized by first-person shooters , wasd became more common in other computer game genres as well .
many of the games that have adopted this layout use a first-person or over-the-shoulder third-person perspective .
the esdf variation is sometimes preferred because it provides access to movement independent keys for the little finger -lrb- z , a , shift -rrb- which generally allows for more advanced manual binding .
incidentally , it allows the left hand to remain in homerow with the advantage of the f key homerow marker -lrb- available on most standard keyboards -rrb- to easily return to position with the index finger .
`` esdf '' is the default configuration for several games such as `` tribes 0 '' .
the game `` blackthorne '' used a combination of arrow keys for movement and esdf for actions .
`` ijkl '' is used by a growing number of browser games .
these games can not use the arrow keys because many browsers ' windows will scroll if the arrow keys are used , thus hindering gameplay .
`` esdf '' , `` ijkl '' etc , like wasd , are arranged in an ergonomic inverted t shape , and , since they are used by the right hand , adjustment is easy for people who commonly use the arrow keys .
some gamers shift further across to rdfg , to give the little finger access to more keys .
another variation is w-a-x-d , used by people who are used to the arrows on the numeric keypad -lrb- which has the down arrow a line below the left/right arrows , instead of in between -rrb- .
also common is the hjkl -lrb- h = left , j = down , k = up and l = right -rrb- layout used in the unix computer world , a practice spawned by its use in the ubiquitous vi text editor .
the editor was written by bill joy for use on an lear-siegler adm-0a terminal , which places arrow symbols on these letters .
an example of a game that uses hjkl is the text-based `` graphic '' adventure nethack .
vaguely related is the zxc layout , used in many freeware games , and a common setup for emulation and older 0d gaming using a keyboard .
an opaq layout was also common for full-keyboard games .
azerty users will use the `` zqsd '' combination instead , since those are the keys in place of wasd on a qwerty keyboard .
on the dvorak simplified keyboard , `` wasd '' would be '' , aoe '' .
another , close , variation is the wqse combination , which follows the belief that the index and ring fingers ' natural and more ergonomic position when the middle finger is on ` w ' is q and e rather than a and d , respectively .
this can be attested to by the fact that the arrow keys were partly designed in the inverted t shape in order to avoid having the side buttons possibly directly underneath other keys .
it also has the advantage that there is less distance needed to travel to reach the number keys .
for similar reasons , some gamers use the wqsd combination -lrb- which is wasd with the ` a ' key moved up to ` q ' , or wqse with the ` e ' moved down to 'd ' -rrb- .
for players who prefer to keep the keyboard centered on the body , this allows for less wrist rotation , as it places the index finger naturally over the 'd ' key when the left arm rests down to the left of the keyboard .
willisville is the name of some places in north america : forest ray moulton -lrb- april 00 , 0000 -- december 0 , 0000 -rrb- was a u.s. astronomer .
he was born in le roy , michigan , and was educated at albion college .
after graduating in 0000 -lrb- a.b. -rrb- , he performed his graduate studies at the university of chicago and gained a ph.d. in 0000 .
at the university of chicago he was associate in astronomy -lrb- 0000-0000 -rrb- , instructor -lrb- 0000-00 -rrb- , assistant professor -lrb- 0000-00 -rrb- , associate professor -lrb- 0000-00 -rrb- , and professor after he is noted for being a proponent , along with thomas chamberlin , of the hypothesis that planetismals had coallesced to form the solar system .
their hypothesis called for the close passage of another star to trigger this condensation , a concept that has since fallen out of favor .
in the first decades of the twentieth century , some additional small satellites were discovered to be in orbit around jupiter .
dr. moulton proposed that these were actually gravitationally-captured planetismals .
this theory has become well-accepted among astronomers .
the moulton crater on the moon , the adams-moulton methods for solving differential equations and the moulton plane in geometry are named after him .
he became an associate editor of the `` transactions of the american mathematical society '' in 0000 and a research associate of the carnegie institution in 0000 .
besides various contributions to mathematical and astronomical journals he was the author of : a fluoropolymer is a polymer that contains atoms of fluorine .
it is characterized by a high resistance to solvents , acids , and bases .
fluoropolymers were discovered serendipitously in 0000 by dr. roy j. plunkett .
he was working on freon -lrb- for the dupont corporation -rrb- and accidentally polymerized tetrafluoroethylene .
the result was ptfe -lrb- polytetrafluoroethylene -rrb- , more commonly known as teflon .
this material had the lowest coefficient of friction of any known solid and was inert to virtually all chemicals .
fluoropolymers may be mechanically characterized as thermosets or thermoplastics .
they are often applied to manufactured metal parts by electrostatic powder coating , or attached in large sheets with epoxy to line the interior of large metal and non-metal containers .
the battle of chengpu -lrb- 城濮之戰 -rrb- was a conflict between the states of jin against chu and its allies in china in 000 bc during the spring and autumn period .
it could be viewed as the first great battle in the protracted conflict between the states of the yellow river valley , and the states of the yangtze river -lrb- chang jiang -rrb- valley .
the jin victory confirmed the hegemony of duke wen and checked chu ambitions in the north for at least a generation .
following the death of duke huan of qi in 000 bc , the state of chu steadily extended its influence northward and had been absorbing half a dozen smaller states as its satellites .
in 000 bc , ji chong ` er , a ducal prince of jin , came into power and was named duke wen of jin with the help of duke mu of qin after having spent fifteen years in exile traveling throughout numerous states .
duke wen assumed a position of leadership among the states and instituted numerous domestic reforms .
in the years leading up to 000 bc , conflict between jin and chu was increasingly public and was characterised by frequent shifts in alliances between the various small states that lay in a band between the two giants .
in the winter of 000 bc , king cheng of chu struck at song , the ally of jin most accessible from the south .
in retaliation , an expeditionary force under duke wen marched south in the spring of next year and occupied wei and cao , both satellites of chu .
both sides sought out alliances in the following months .
the states of shen , xi , chen , cai , all immediately contiguous to chu , sided with king cheng , as well as the more distant lu .
jin is said to have retired `` three stages '' -lrb- 00 km -rrb- before camping on the plain of chengpu at the border of wei and cao , awaiting a decisive battle and thus fulfilling duke wen 's promise to king cheng during his refuge in chu .
the retirement also linked the jin forces up with qi and qin reinforcements .
only the central force of the chu under supreme commander ziyu was made up entirely of chu troops .
the left wing under zixi incorporated soldiers from chu 's close satellites shen and xi .
the right wing under zishang comprised completely a separate detachment from the armies of chen and cai , perhaps numbering around a third -lrb- ? -rrb-
of the entire force .
the jin force was expanded before the expedition from two armies into three : the upper , the central and the lower ; these three were then regrouped into wings before the battle : the upper army at the right wing under commander hu mao and vice-commander hu yan , lower at left under luan zhi and vice xu chen , central remained at centre under xian zhen and vice xi zhen .
duke wen did not direct or engage in the fighting .
on the fourth day of the fourth month of 000 bc , the rival forces met .
the battle commenced with the advance of both wings of the jin army .
the chu right wing was reckoned to be the weakest and xu chen , commander of the jin left wing , attacked .
xu armoured his chariot horses with tiger skins and launched an urgent , vigorous assault on the chu right wing .
the attack was rapidly successful , scattering and demolishing the enemy wing completely .
the jin left then became holding force , fixing the chu center and preventing it from attacking the jin centre or aiding the chu left wing , since in either case the jin left would have taken it in the flank and rear .
meanwhile hu mao 's jin right wing had skirmished with the enemy , faked a retreat and carried with them the two great banner of the jin commander-in-chief himself .
the chu left , made up of levies from shen and xi , thought that the jin right wing had lost and ziyu ordered a pursuit .
a contingent of chariots under luan zhi swept in front and dragged tree branches , raising a dust fog to obscure the movements of hu mao 's men who were circling and reforming .
the jin left continued to maintain position against the chu center , and was aided by the jin center .
though the jin centre was temporarily disordered by an intense whirlwind , it was effective in preventing the chu center from supporting its left wing .
as the chu left advanced , it was caught in the flank by duke wen 's bodyguards , composed of the sons of noble clansmen and sons of his close followers and thus flanked by the jin central army .
meanwhile the entire force of the jin right wing completed its recircling and was supported on its right by luan zhi 's chariots to join the assault .
the chu left was completely destroyed .
seeing both his wings enveloped , ziyu ordered a general retreat .
the battle of chengpu is probably the biggest of the spring and autumn period and definitely the most detailed in the `` zuo zhuan '' .
nevertheless the location of the battle remains obscure : two inconclusive possibilities are the vicinity of chenliu county , henan and the southwest area of juan county , shandong .
after returning to the north , duke wen was recognised by the king of zhou as first among the feudal lords .
a multi-state conference at jiantu in 000 bc headed by duke wen confirmed their support for the zhou royal family and swore a covenant of alliance .
the battle , however , was not effective in the long term in restricting the power of chu .
johan ludwig mowinckel -lrb- 00 october 0000 , bergen - 00 september 0000 -rrb- was a norwegian political figure representing venstre , the social liberal party .
he served as prime minister of norway between 0000 and 0000 , again from 0000 until 0000 , and finally between 0000 and 0000 .
he founded the shipping company a/s j. ludwig mowinckels rederi .
joseph moxon -lrb- 0 august 0000 - february 0000 -rrb- , hydrographer to charles ii , was an english printer of mathematical books and maps , a maker of globes and mathematical instruments , and mathematical lexicographer .
he produced the first english language dictionary devoted to mathematics .
in november 0000 he became the first tradesman to be elected as a fellow of the royal society .
between the ages of around 0 and 00 , moxon accompanied his father , james moxon , to delft and rotterdam where he was printing english bibles .
it was at this time that moxon learned the basics of printing .
after the first english civil war the family returned to london , and moxon and his older brother james started a printing business which specialized in the publication of puritan texts , with the notable exception of `` a book of drawing , limning , washing or colouring of mapps and prints '' of 0000 which was produced for thomas jenner , a seller of maps .
in 0000 moxon visited amsterdam and commissioned the engraving of globe-printing plates , and by the end of the year was selling large celestial and terrestrial globes in a new business venture .
he specialized in the printing of maps and charts , and in the production of globes , and mathematical instruments made of paper .
in january 0000 he was appointed hydrographer to the king , despite his puritan background .
moxon 's 0000 book `` mechanick exercises '' provides descriptions of contemporary printing methods that have proved useful for bibliographers .
moxon theorized that the arctic was ice free , and warmed by twenty-four hours of sunlight in the summer .
he also speculated that arctic ice was created near land , and that if one sailed far enough northwards , one would be free of northern land masses and , subsequently , ice .
these views led him to believe that the northwest passage would be found by sailing near the north pole .
these views later influenced daines barrington and samuel engel , whose refinement of moxon 's ideas would in turn influence captain cook 's third voyage in search of the northwest passage .
felix andries vening meinesz -lrb- the hague july 00 0000 - amersfoort august 00 0000 -rrb- was a dutch geophysicist and geodetist .
he is known for his invention of a precise method for measuring gravity .
thanks to his invention , it became possible to measure gravity at sea , which led him to the discovery of gravity anomalies above the ocean floor .
he later attributed these anomalies to continental drift .
vening meinesz ' father , sjoerd anne meinesz , was major , first of rotterdam , then of amsterdam .
he grew up in a protected environment .
in 0000 he graduated in civil engineering at delft .
the same year he started working for the dutch gravitational survey .
in 0000 he wrote his dissertation on the defects of the gravimeters used at that time .
vening meinesz then designed a new gravimeter , which the knmi -lrb- royal dutch meteorological institute -rrb- built .
the apparatus has two pendula of the same size hanging in a frame but moving in opposite phases .
with mirrors and lightbeams the difference in amplitude of the two pendula is captured on a film .
vening meinesz had discovered that horizontal accelerations -lrb- as by waves on a boat -rrb- had no influence on the difference in amplitude between the two pendula .
the recorded difference then is the amplitude of a theoretical , undisturbed pendulum .
now it became possible to measure gravity more accurately .
vening meinesz started with measuring gravity all over the netherlands , for which a network of 00 monitoring stations was created .
this became a success , which encouraged him to do measurements at sea .
a perfected gravimeter , hanging in a ` swing ' , was designed .
the experiment was successful .
now measuring gravity at sea had become possible .
between 0000 and 0000 the tall -lrb- over 0 metres -rrb- vening meinesz embarked in small submarines for some uncomfortable expeditions .
his goal was to establish the exact shape of the geoid and the earth .
when one of his expeditions was made into a movie in 0000 , vening meinesz became a hero of the dutch cinema public .
besides , his research was in the international scientific spotlight .
in 0000 he become a parttime professor in geodesy , cartography and geophysics at utrecht university , and in 0000 he became professor at the delft university of technology as well .
in world war ii , vening meinesz was involved in the dutch resistance .
after the war he could take up his tasks as a professor again .
from 0000 to 0000 he was the director of the knmi .
he retired in 0000 .
the vast amounts of data that his expeditions yielded were analyzed and discussed together with other leading dutch earth scientists of the time j.h.f. umbgrove , b.g. escher and ph.h .
kuenen , the results were published in 0000 .
an important result was the discovery of elongated belts of negative gravity anomalies along the oceanic trenches .
the mean gravity force appeared to be the same on land and at sea , which was in agreement with the principle of isostasy .
vening meinesz was especially intrigued by the oceanic trenches .
the coexisitence of active volcanism , large negative gravity anomalies and the sudden difference in terrain elevation could only be explained by assuming the earth 's crust was somehow pushed together at these places .
as a geophysicist , he was prejudiced that the crust was too rigid to deform at that scale in such a way .
his discoveries could be explained only with the development of the theory of plate tectonics in the '00s .
the communist party of sri lanka is a communist political party in sri lanka .
at the last legislative elections , on 0 april 0000 , the party was part of the united people 's freedom alliance that won 00.0 % of the popular vote and 000 out of 000 seats .
the cpsl was founded as the communist party of ceylon in 0000 , and was a continuation of the united socialist party .
the usp had been formed out of the pro-ussr wing of the lanka sama samaja party .
the usp was proscribed by the colonial authorities .
the usp and then the cpc were initially led by dr. s.a. wickremesinghe .
in 0000 wickremesinghe 's wife , the english-born doreen young wickremasinghe , a former leader of the suriya-mal movement , was elected to the sri lankan parliament .
in 0000 the communist party , lanka sama samaja party and the mahajana eksath peramuna formed the united left front .
the ulf broke down in 0000 when the then prime minister bandaranaike offered ministerial posts to lssp and the cp .
in the mid 0000s the u.s. state department estimated the party membership to be approximately 0000 .
in 0000 , the cp joined the lssp and the slfp joined together in the united front .
in the 0000 government , pieter keuneman became minister of housing and construction and b.y. tudawe , deputy minister of education .
however , one faction of the party , led by s. a. wickremasinghe and indika gunawardena , maintained a line of critical support for the government .
after the general election of 0000 , for the first time in half a century , the cpsl found itself without parliamentary representation , receiving about 0 % of the vote .
however , after a subsequent election petition , sarath muttetuwegama was elected to the kalawana seat in a by-election .
later cpsl joined the people 's alliance , the front led by the sri lanka freedom party .
when slfp shelved the pa and formed the united people 's freedom alliance together with janatha vimukthi peramuna ahead of the 0000 elections , cpsl and lssp initially stayed out .
they did however , sign a memorandum with the upfa at a later stage and contested the elections on the upfa platform .
cpsl does not , however , consider itself a member of upfa .
the cpsl had one member of parliament in 0000 , party general secretary d.e.w. gunasekara .
gunasekara expected to become the speaker of the sri lankan parliament , but lost by a handful of votes .
gunasekara was then sworn in as the minister for constitutional affairs .
the youth wing of cpsl is the communist youth federation .
cyf is a member organization of the world federation of democratic youth .
for many years the cpsl published the `` aththa '' -lrb- truth -rrb- sinhala newspaper , which became part of the popular cultural discourse .
its english organ was the `` forward '' weekly .
oribi gorge is situated along the spectacular forest-cloaked ravine of the mzimkulwana river just west of port shepstone which itself is 000 km south of durban .
oribi gorge is the eastern gorge of two gorges that cuts through the oribi flats -lrb- flat sugarcane farmlands -rrb- , southern kwazulu-natal , south africa .
the western gorge was formed by the mzimkulu river .
at the base of the cliffs of both gorges there are rocks over 0000 million years old while the cliffs themselves are formed from sandstone deposited about 000 million years ago .
below the gorges is a large surface mine producing cement .
oribi gorge nature reserve is situated in the oribi gorge , which is approximately 00 km long , 0 km wide -lrb- widest point -rrb- and 000 m deep .
in 0000 it was proclaimed a protected state forest .
transaction language 0 -lrb- tl0 -rrb- is a widely used management protocol in telecommunications .
it is a cross-vendor , cross-technology man-machine language , and is widely used to manage optical -lrb- sonet -rrb- and broadband access infrastructure in north america .
it is defined in gr-000 by bellcore -lrb- now telcordia technologies -rrb- .
tl0 was developed by bellcore in 0000 as a standard man-machine language to manage network elements for the regional bell operating companies -lrb- rbocs -rrb- .
it is based on z. 000 series man machine language standards .
tl0 was designed as a standard protocol readable by machines as well as humans to replace the diverse ascii based protocols used by different network element -lrb- ne -rrb- vendors .
it is extensible to incorporate vendor specific commands .
telcordia osss such as nma -lrb- network monitoring and analysis -rrb- used tl0 as the element management -lrb- ems -rrb- protocol .
this drove network element vendors to implement tl0 in their devices .
the tl0 language consists of a set of messages .
there are 0 kinds of messages : tl0 messages follow a fixed structure , and all commands must conform to it .
however , the commands themselves are extensible and new commands can be added by ne vendors .
these are some of the message components : tadworth is a village in surrey , on the south-east slope of epsom downs .
it forms part of the borough of reigate and banstead .
the census area `` tadworth and walton '' has a population of 0,000 .
neighbouring settlements include walton-on-the-hill , kingswood , epsom , burgh heath , banstead , reigate and sutton .
tadworth lay within the copthorne hundred , an administrative division devised by the saxons .
the village is near to epsom downs racecourse , home to the epsom derby .
tadworth appears in domesday book of 0000 as `` tadeorde '' and `` tadorne '' .
it was held partly by halsart from william de braiose and partly by radulf -lrb- ralph -rrb- from the bishop of bayeux .
its domesday assets were : 0 hides .
it had 0 ploughs , woodland worth 0 hogs .
it rendered # 0 00s 0d .
tadworth is the home of the children 's trust , a registered charity providing special care for severely disabled children many of whom have particularly complex health needs .
there are two national rail stations , tadworth close to the centre of the village and tattenham corner near to epsom downs .
bus services 000 and 000 pass through the village , towards epsom , sutton and redhill .
the village has two , or possibly three , small shopping areas .
the largest is around the station , approximately in the centre of the tadworth area .
there is another towards the south of the area , nearer to walton heath , and a third , known locally as shelvers hill , to the north , near to epsom downs .
the shops in these areas are part of the increasingly rare british village landscape , featuring amongst them a butcher , fishmonger , baker , greengrocer and delicatessen .
there are also two estate agents , a travel agents , an off licence , a gift shop , several restaurants , two newsagents/general stores and a mini dealership .
services include two banks , a post office , a medical centre , a dentist and a vets surgery .
there are three public houses situated to the south-east of the village centre , along the b0000 dorking road , these being the blue anchor , the dukes ' head and inn on the green .
tadworth cricket club is situated on the edge of walton heath , on the south-east side of the b0000 .
it is considered to be one of the most picturesque grounds in the county , surrounded by woodland and with the lighting from the pubs opposite illuminating it on a summer 's evening .
the teams play in the surrey downs league and the ground is often let out to nomadic sides , including ` the gaities ' whose president is the famous playwright , harold pinter , a frequent visitor to the ground .
miruts yifter -lrb- born may 00 , 0000 -rrb- is a former ethiopian athlete , winner of two gold medals at the 0000 summer olympics .
his name is also sometimes spelled as muruse yefter .
born in adigrat , in the tigray region of ethiopia , miruts yifter spent early parts of his youth working in different factories and as a carriage driver .
his talent as a long-distance runner was noticed when he joined the ethiopian air force .
yefter was called to the ethiopian national team for the 0000 summer olympics in mexico city , but he made his olympic debut four years later in munich olympics where he won a bronze medal in 00,000 m. however , he arrived too late for the 0000 m final .
in the 0000 all-africa games he won one gold medal -lrb- 00000 metres -rrb- and one silver -lrb- 0000 metres -rrb- .
at the 0st african championships in 0000 he won two gold medals -lrb- 0000 and 00000 metres -rrb- .
he was unable to participate in the 0000 summer olympics because his nation boycotted the event .
four years later in moscow , yefter made up for his disappointments .
in the final of the 00,000 m he sprinted into the lead 000 m from the finish and won by ten meters .
five days later , in the 0000 m final , yifter was boxed in during the last lap .
but with 000 m to go , his ethiopian teammate , mohammed kedir , stepped aside and yifter again sprinted to victory .
due to his abrupt change in speed when executing his kick to the finish , yifter is commonly referred to as `` yifter the shifter . ''
at the moscow olympics , part of the mystery surrounding miruts yifter was the question of his age , which was reported to be between 00 and 00 .
yifter refused to give a definitive answer , telling reporters : the most common versions about his date of birth are january 0 , 0000 or may 00 , 0000 .
ilog is a 0rd class municipality in the province of negros occidental , philippines .
it was the first capital of negros occidental and siquijor provinces in the late 0000s .
the first inhabitants of ilog are mostly migrants from panay province .
according to the 0000 census , it has a population of 00,000 people in 0,000 households .
ilog is politically subdivided into 00 barangays .
prahok -lrb- ប រហ ក -rrb- is a crushed , salted and fermented fish paste -lrb- usually of mud fish -rrb- that is used in cambodian cuisine as a seasoning or a condiment -lrb- usually the latter -rrb- .
it originated as a way of preserving fish during the longer months when fresh fish was not available in abundant supply .
because of its saltiness and strong flavor , it was used as an addition to many meals in cambodian cuisine , such as soups .
prahok has a strong and distinct smell , earning the nickname cambodian cheese .
prahok is usually eaten with rice in the countryside or poorer regions .
prahok is nearly identical with lao/isan padaek .
because it is easily stored and preserved , prahok is often given out for donations to victims of flood or drought by charities and other organizations .
it can be eaten cooked or fried , but is usually not eaten raw because of health issues -lrb- raw prahok can not be stored long due to its going bad if not eaten in a short period of time -rrb- and the unpleasant smell it makes .
although prahok is a dish invented by cambodians , there was a similar condiment in ancient rome called garum , also made from fermented fish and used as a seasoning .
there are also other versions of similar foods such as pissalat from france .
prahok is prepared using fresh fish -lrb- both large and small -rrb- .
typically , the larger the fish , the more valuable the prahok made from it .
some types are rarer than others and the rarest are considered delicacies , thus are more expensive .
one of the pricier types is one made from the gourami fish .
prahok is obtained by crushing or grinding fresh fish after de-scaling , gutting and cleaning them .
they can be crushed underfoot , like wine grapes , or processed by machine .
after the fish is crushed , it is left in the sun for a full day , then salted and sealed in jars full of salt .
prahok can be eaten after just 00 days of fermentation , but better quality prahok can be preserved for one to three years .
`` prahok jieng '' -lrb- ប រហ កច ន -rrb- this type of prahok is the most favoured type .
it is usually mixed with meat -lrb- usually beef or pork -rrb- and chili .
it can also be eaten with dips , vegetables such as cucumbers or eggplants , and rice .
`` prahok gop '' this type of prahok is covered with banana leaves and left to cook under a fire under pieces of rock .
`` prahok chow '' -lrb- ប រហ កឆ -rrb- this type of prahok can be used to make a paste with lemon grass , lime juice , fresh peppers , and thai eggplant eaten with steak .
also this is the type of prahok preferably used as a dipping paste for vegetables and fruits .
johann christian daniel von schreber johann christian daniel von schreber -lrb- weißensee , thuringia , 0000 -- erlangen , 0000 -rrb- was a german naturalist .
in 0000 schreber began writing a multi-volume set of books entitled `` die säugethiere in abbildungen nach der natur mit beschreibungen '' , which focused on the mammals of the world .
many of the animals included were given a scientific name for the first time , following the binomial system of carolus linnaeus .
from 0000 until his death in 0000 , he was the president of the german academy of sciences leopoldina .
he also wrote on entomology notably `` schreberi novae species insectorvm '' .
schreber is often prefixed i.c.d. plates from `` die säugethiere in abbildungen nach der natur mit beschreibungen '' 0000-0000 .
opencable is a set of hardware and software specifications under development in the united states by cablelabs to `` define the next-generation digital consumer device '' for the cable television industry .
opencable uses scte standards for the video , transport and various interface requirements , but also adds a requirement for a java based software interpreter to support the opencable application platform -lrb- ocap -rrb- , and a decryption system for protected content employing cablecards or the proposed software-based downloadable conditional access system -lrb- dcas -rrb- .
the goal is to create a common hardware/software standard for digital cable television within the u.s. , hence promoting competition among licensed device manufacturers , while at the same time making it impossible for any software company to dominate digital television .
drm is implemented using both java and a pluggable decryption card .
this would work much like directv 's encryption system .
when a crack of the current encryption system in use becomes widespread a new card can be sent out to consumers and a new encryption system employed .
putting portions of the restrictions management in the java interpreter allows greater flexibility in billing .
at the present time -lrb- circa 0000 -rrb- , the opencable specification -lrb- s -rrb- do not make any use of a java interpreter for the purpose of performing or managing the deployed conditional access -lrb- ca -rrb- systems , of which there are two primary types : -lrb- 0 -rrb- integrated or embedded , and -lrb- 0 -rrb- cablecard based .
also under development is the newer software-based downloadable conditional access system -lrb- dcas -rrb- .
it is hoped that dcas will eliminate the need for a cablecard .
in the current market a cable operator is locked into either motorola or scientific atlanta for 00 -- 00 years when they make the capital investment to use either system for their digital cable operations .
with opencable a consumer can use an mpeg-0 decoder from either company and the cable company can switch between the system at only the cost of the decryption card for each consumer and the backend costs .
the decryption cards will probably license for $ 00 to $ 00 , much less than the $ 00 for a simple decoder or $ 000 for a full featured digital video recorder .
military history of the three kingdoms the military history of the three kingdoms period , part of the greater military history of china incorporated almost a century of prolonged warfare and disorder .
following the generally peaceful conditions of the han dynasty , the three kingdoms brought about changes to military institutions and technology favouring the emergence of a professional hereditary soldiery , including an increasing reliance on non-chinese cavalry forces and the closure of the han system of universal conscription .
after the assassination of general-in-chief he jin in september 000 , the administrative structures of the han government became increasingly irrelevant .
the armies that fought the civil wars of the 000s were raised largely from voluntary recruits , though there was also some use of press-ganging as well as forcible enlistment of prisoners from defeated armies .
over the course of a decade the confusing mosaic of local violence resolved into a simpler pattern of regional conflict .
by the death of cao cao , the most successful warlord of north china , in 000 , the han empire was divided between the three rival states of cao wei , shu han and eastern wu .
the military forces of the state of wei originated in the personal army of cao cao .
in late 000 , he raised a force of some 0000 with his own resources and some donations .
his earliest commanders and officers -lrb- xiahou dun 夏侯惇 , xiahou yuan 夏侯淵 , cao ren 曹仁 , cao hong 曹洪 etc. -rrb- were all either his kinsmen or close relatives .
after the downfall of dong zhuo , cao cao was able to establish a base of operations in yanzhou province .
he was joined by a number of smaller , commonly clan-based , military entities .
these included the personal forces of li dian -lrb- 李典 -rrb- , xu zhu -lrb- 許褚 -rrb- among others .
in 000 , cao cao also absorbed into his army some 000,000 former yellow turbans which he captured .
these men maintained themselves as separate units known as the `` qingzhou army '' until well after 000 .
in the multi-cornered wars of the 000s , all of these forces remained loyal to cao cao and later became the bulwark of the wei armies .
cao cao was decisively defeated at the battle of red cliffs in 000 and thereafter was never able to achieve significant gains against the marine forces of sun quan .
despite efforts by wei at shipbuilding in 000 and again in 000 , they had neither the technological expertise nor the human resources to break the defensive line of the yangtze river .
throughout the three kingdoms period , wei always had the largest population and hence the most men in arms .
zhou yu estimated that at red cliffs , cao cao could field 000,000 men .
the size of the entire wei military forces has been estimated at around 000,000 .
in 000 , when the state of shu was conquered , the build-up of wei armies and the subsequent surrender of shu troops may have swelled this number to half a million .
the conquest of the wuhuan -lrb- 000 -rrb- and the northwest -lrb- 000 -rrb- allowed cao cao to effectively monopolise the employment of cavalry in china .
the wuhuan in particular had a reputation as the best cavalry force in all of china .
cao cao also commanded the services of a considerable number of xiongnu , and claimed that his army included contingents of dingling , di , qiang , and several other northern nomadic peoples .
despite their relatively small numbers , mounted troops played a critical role and this was the trend not only during the three kingdoms but throughout the entire chinese medieval period .
it was around this time that the first mention of horse armour -lrb- 馬鎧 -rrb- can be found in the literary sources .
cao cao boasted that with only ten sets of horse armour he had faced an opponent with three hundred .
although the use of stirrups , in combat at least , can not be verified , representations of heavy cavalrymen of the wei-jin period appear to show them with their legs encased in heavy wooden sideboards to stabilise them on top of the horse .
in north china at least , the natural mobility of cavalry , coupled with these innovations , gave it a considerable advantage over infantry .
before battle horsemen were needed for scouting and could be used for raids on the enemy 's supply convoys and after the battle , they were essential for an effective pursuit .
the main attraction of cavalry , however , was their capability for ` shock ' combat , which was heightened by the volatility of the infantry .
their superior mobility enable them to maneovre to attack the flank or rear , or to quickly exploit any openings that might appear in the enemy line .
their height advantage made it easy for them to intimidate the opposing infantry , to throw them into panic-stricken flight with a sudden charge , or bull their way into and through the dense throngs of footsoldiers .
in combat , the horseback commander and his personal retainers acted as a spearhead for a drive through the ill-disciplined enemy array , akin to the methods used in northern europe during the dark ages .
once battle had been joined , they tended to perform in a motivational rather than coordinating role by exposing themselves to danger in the front ranks .
these dangerous clashes of arms between individual leaders and their companions no doubt provided the basis of the countless epic duels of the `` romance of the three kingdoms '' .
not unlike in the historical novel , success was often determined by the personal courage of commanders and their immediate followers .
despite the conditions of the collapse of authority , there was actually a great deal of continuity in the wei government .
hence the organisational structure of the wei military was largely inherited from the han administration .
after the battle of guandu in 000 , cao cao 's army ceased to fight predominantly as a single entity with campaigns restricted to a few months .
the absorption of the forces of yuan shao , cao cao 's main rival in the north , led to a structural transformation in the military command .
there emerged a highly professional `` central army '' -lrb- 中軍 -rrb- held in reserve , and various regional forces which came to be collectively called the `` outer army '' -lrb- 外軍 -rrb- .
the role of the central army was not unlike that of the northern army -lrb- 北軍 -rrb- of eastern han , although it had a significantly more active role outside the capital .
it originated from cao cao 's personal guard , the so-called `` tiger and leopard cavalry '' -lrb- 虎豹騎 -rrb- .
the earliest commanders of this elite unit were all cao cao 's clansmen -lrb- cao xiu 曹休 , cao zhen 曹真 , cao chun 曹純 -rrb- .
its soldiers included xu zhu , dian wei -lrb- 典韋 -rrb- and their associated `` buqu '' -lrb- see '' `` buqu '' and hereditary armies '' below -rrb- .
in 000 , the central army had one regiment called `` zhongjian '' -lrb- 中堅 -rrb- , under the command of xu zhu .
more were added by cao pi and cao rui so that by the 000s there were five regiments in all .
the outer army system was numerically many times larger than the central army , which probably never exceeded 00,000 .
in 000 , cao pi subordinated the provincial units of the outer army to chief controllers -lrb- 都督 -rrb- appointed by the imperial court .
these men were regular regional commanders who held responsibilities for military affairs within their frontiers .
the regional armies they commanded are often also referred to as the `` eastern army '' -lrb- 東軍 -rrb- .
in addition to these forces , there were also territorial troops -lrb- 州郡兵 -rrb- raised by the grand administrators -lrb- 太守 -rrb- or inspectors -lrb- 刺史 -rrb- .
these men were distinguished by the fact that they could hold control of both civil and military affairs in their assigned regions .
the potential problems of this system were recognised by contemporary politicians ; a memorial was submitted by the eunuch official du shu -lrb- 杜恕 -rrb- calling for the abolition of military duties for inspectors .
`` buqu '' -lrb- 部曲 -rrb- were private fighting men for whom soldiering was a profession .
both `` bu '' and `` qu '' were regular units of military organisation during the han but by late han and three kingdoms , the combination of the terms came to refer to the private retainer corps of armed men serving individual warlords in the capacity of personal dependents .
the relationship between commander and `` buqu '' was in essence hereditary .
when the commander died , a male member of his family would inherit control of his troops , and when a soldier died one of his male relative would inherit his position in the rank .
in essence generations of entire families became the agricultural servants and later the armed tenants .
since emperor guangwu had disbanded the recruit -lrb- 募兵 -rrb- units in the first century ad , the provincial armed forces were purposely left weak and territorial armies were only raised in times of emergency .
in a major break from the han model , the government armies of wei adopted a pattern of military service that was to a very large extent modelled after that of the `` buqu '' .
the families of military men were concentrated in the capital and several other major centres , where they might serve as convenient hostages while the soldiers were on campaign .
this was largely due to the need to maintain a stable , reliable reservoir of manpower from which losses might be made good .
the soldiers and their families were assigned a status as ` military households ' , subject to control by the military authorities .
soldiers and their relatives were only permitted to marry into other families with military status , to ensure that out-marriage would not lead over time to a diminution of the manpower pool , and of course he was expected to serve for life .
unlike during the han , ordinary commoners had no regular military service obligation , though in rare cases of urgent need men might still be conscripted for temporary duty .
the tuntian policies were a system of military agriculture colonies established by cao cao for the purpose of supporting the military forces of wei .
the crossbow of the time was one of the earliest stage of military technology .
there is very little information to support on the design of the crossbow .
the crossbow used during this time period is more likely used in large group of marksmen deployed to fire waves of bolts -lrb- crossbow ammunition -rrb- onto enemies from afar .
the crossbow itself has superior range than normal bows .
thus it becomes more commonly used like an artillery purpose than sniping .
crossbows has been in use in china since the zhou dynasty over 000 year earlier -lrb- approx .
000 bce -rrb- .
in the later years , the great strategist and inventor zhuge liang had devised a more complicated platform .
a multiple bolt firing crossbow and a semi-automatic crossbow -lrb- which some sources call chu ` ko ` nu , literally ` zhuge crossbow ' -rrb- was created to be used as an anti-personnel weapon .
in the south , the yangzi river provided the great military highway that both facilitated and channelled military operations .
the area around hefei was under constant pressure from wei , and warfare grew so intense that many of the residents chose to migrate en masse and re-settle south the yangtze .
yet wei never succeeded in breaking through the line of river defences erected by wu , including the formidable ruxu forts .
southern mastery of the tools and techniques of riverine warfare conferred a huge defensive advantage .
the drier north produced fewer individuals with the necessary skills for riverine warfare .
in contrast to ramming and boarding techniques seen in europe , the most common tactics involved the use of missiles to damage enemy vessels and kill or injure members of their crews and this remained the norm until colonial times .
the heavy emphasis on missile combat tended to favour defence over offence in naval actions and made it rather difficult to eliminate sturdily built enemy ships .
the major exception to this general rule was an attack with fireships , which was demonstrated with decisive effect at the battle of red cliffs .
various classes of vessels are known of under names such as `` flying cloud '' and `` green dragon warship '' , and according to pei songzhi 's annotations , a ship carrying 00 horses was considered to be small .
certainly , wu shipbuilding had progressed to an advanced level , as evidenced by the expedition of 00,000 warriors to sichuan -lrb- then called yizhou -rrb- in 000 .
it is also known that these ships existed on a large scale .
when wu was finally conquered by jin in 000 , some 00,000 vessels - some of which were for transport - were seized .
the ultimate jin victory owed much to the fact that wang jun 's fleet was more powerful than the southern water forces , and that he was able to outflank wu from the west .
as long as wu held control of the waterways , no army from the north could succeed in conquering wu .
congo red is the sodium salt of benzidinediazo-bis-0-naphtylamine-0-sulfonic acid -lrb- formula : c00h00n0na0o0s0 ; molecular weight : 000.00 g/mol -rrb- .
it is a secondary diazo dye .
congo red is water soluble , yielding a red colloidal solution ; its solubility is better in organic solvents such as ethanol .
it has a strong , though apparently non-covalent affinity to cellulose fibres .
however , the use of congo red in the cellulose industries -lrb- cotton textile , wood pulp & paper -rrb- has long been abandoned , primarily because of its tendency to change color when touched by sweaty fingers , to run and because of its toxicity .
congo red was first synthesized in 0000 by paul bottiger who was working then for the friedrich bayer company in elberfeld , germany .
he was looking for textile dyes that did not require a mordant step .
the company was not interested in this bright red color , so he filed the patent under his name and sold it to the agfa company of berlin .
agfa marketed the dye under the name `` congo red '' , a catchy name in germany at the time of the 0000 berlin west africa conference , an important event in the colonisation of africa .
the dye was a major commercial success for agfa .
in the following years , for the same reasons , other dyes were marketed using the `` congo '' name : congo rubine , congo corinth , brilliant congo , congo orange , congo brown , and congo blue .
due to a color change from blue to red at ph 0.0-0 .0 , congo red can be used as a ph indicator .
since this color change is an approximate inverse of that of litmus , it can be used with litmus paper in a simple parlor trick : add a drop or two of congo red to both an acid solution and a base solution .
dipping red litmus paper in the red solution will turn it blue , while dipping blue litmus paper in the blue solution will turn it red .
congo red has a propensity to aggregate in aqueous and organic solutions .
the proposed mechanisms suggest hydrophobic interactions between the aromatic rings of the dye molecules , leading to a pi-pi stacking phenomenon .
although these aggregates are present under various sizes and shapes , the `` ribbon-like micelles '' of a few molecules seem to be the predominant form -lrb- even if the `` micelle '' term is not totally appropriate here -rrb- .
this aggregation phenomenon is more important for high congo red concentrations , at high salinity and/or low ph. as suggested by its intense red color , congo red has important spectrophotometric properties .
indeed , its uv-visible absorption spectrum shows a characteristic , intense peak around 000 nm in aqueous solution , at low dye concentration .
congo red molar extinction coefficient is about 00000 / .
in these conditions .
aggregation of the dye tends to red-shift the absorption spectrum , whereas binding to cellulose fibres or amyloid fibrils has the opposite effect .
congo red also shows a fluorescent activity when bound to amyloid fibrils , which tends to be used as a sensitive diagnosis tool for amyloidosis , instead of the traditional histological birefringence test .
in biochemistry and histology , congo red is used to stain microscopic preparates , especially as a cytoplasm and erythrocyte stain .
apple-green birefringence of congo red stained preparates under polarized light is indicative for the presence of amyloid fibrils .
the codex of ultimate wisdom is a fictional book in the `` ultima '' series of computer role-playing games .
it first appeared in `` ultima iv '' .
true to its title , the codex of ultimate wisdom is the sum of all knowledge .
when a reader opens the book , they are always able to read it , and can always find the exact piece of knowledge they needed - though this is not necessarily what they asked for , or what they wished they had found out .
the codex appears to be a large leather and gold bound book .
emblazoned on the cover is the symbol of the `` codex '' , a set of six lines and two circles arranged to touch three central circles in different manners .
this symbol represents the eight virtues and three core principles of britannian and gargish virtue , which the `` codex '' inspired .
the avatar retrieved the `` codex '' from the great stygian abyss at the end of `` ultima iv '' , thus completing the quest of the avatar and attaining his title .
the role of the `` codex '' shifted through the series , from being a prize of enlightenment in `` ultima iv '' , to a book of wisdom in `` ultima v '' , to an object of conflict in `` ultima vi '' .
the `` codex '' was placed in the ethereal void at the end of `` ultima vi '' .
though neither the britannians nor the gargoyles physically held the book , their leaders were each given a lens that could be used to read it .
the `` codex '' went without appearing in `` ultima vii '' and `` viii '' , though the lenses were used to suck the dark core of exodus into the void in `` ultima vii '' 's expansion pack .
in `` ultima ix '' the `` codex '' was mysteriously stolen from the void , and returned to the physical plane .
much of the game is spent chasing after the book and obtaining the lenses to read it .
the symbol of the codex in `` ultima iv '' explains the relationship between virtues and the principles .
outside of the game , the symbol is typically shown in single color .
the actual symbol is colored according to the following rules .
in the middle of the symbol , there are three circles , shown in blue , yellow and red ; these symbolize the principles of truth , love and courage .
the tangential lines are colors that are mixed from the colors that they touch , and each line touches the principle circle the corresponding virtue is based .
there are three lines that touch the principle circles singly ; these are honesty -lrb- blue , based on truth -rrb- , compassion -lrb- yellow , based on love -rrb- and valor -lrb- red , based on courage -rrb- .
there are three lines that touch two principle circles ; these are justice -lrb- green = blue + yellow , truth and love -rrb- , honor -lrb- purple = red + blue ; truth and courage -rrb- , and sacrifice -lrb- orange = red + yellow ; courage and love -rrb- .
in the middle of the symbol is a small white circle , mix of all colors ; this is the virtue of spirituality , which is based on all three principles .
finally , surrounding everything is a black circle , absent of all colors ; this is the virtue of humility that exists independently of the principles and is their foundation .
some have noted a continuity problem arising from the fact that players spend the entire game in `` ultima iv '' following the virtues , meditating at shrines dedicated to them , and retrieving the `` codex '' at the end .
however , the events of `` ultima vi '' imply the `` codex '' 's wisdom was used in the formation of both the britannian and gargish virtues .
in `` ultima ix '' , the `` codex '' was unreadable without the use of both the britannian and gargish lenses , and requires the avatar to ask a question to the book .
this seems to be contrary to its nature in previous games , where it was always readable without any special aid when the book was in britannia .
the lenses were supposedly only required to read the `` codex '' while it remained in the void , and operated independently , not in tandem .
the lenses were only used together previously when you wanted to throw something into the void .
ultima vii also seemed to imply that the codex required both lenses to be read , but the facility to read the book was never implemented in the finished game , rendering the inconsistency moot .
these situations may be resolved however by understanding that the codex was not created in ultima `` iv '' , but merely allowed itself to be retrieved by the avatar .
being an item of immense powers -lrb- magical and otherwise -rrb- it has its own history that spans many periods in time and many different worlds , and has continually adapted itself to fit its own needs towards shaping the universe towards its own goals .
schreber is a surname , and may refer to : skulker was an aria award-nominated rock band from sydney , australia that originally formed in 0000 .
after two albums , the group parted ways in 0000 the group 's original members met at cheltenham girls high school , north sydney in 0000 and decided to form a band .
the line-up at the time was greer skinner on lead vocals and guitar , annette harada on bass guitar , naomi `` batti '' battah on guitar and occasional lead vocals and drummer angela blackshaw .
after an initial period establishing itself on the sydney live circuit the band came to the attention of independent label chatterbox records and in 0000 skulker released the album too fat for tahiti .
the title was apparently inspired by the band being rejected for a gig as a house band at a resort in tahiti because they were `` too fat '' .
too fat for tahiti spawned the tracks `` naughty '' and `` hëj '' that received considerable support from the national youth radio station triple j and both were voted into the networks annual listeners ' poll , the hottest 000 , at number 00 and 00 respectively .
the album was subsequently nominated for best independent album at the aria awards and skulker was nominated for best new live act at the australian music awards .
skulker then toured australia exhaustively before recording a new album `` the double life '' that was released in early 0000 .
a free download-only single `` rock nugget '' was released and received high rotation on triple j .
the album received feature album status on the network , however sales of `` the double life '' were disappointing compared to those of the debut .
the band went on to release the singles `` coming home '' and `` in your arms '' and played the big day out tour in 0000 .
early 0000 also found the band opening for pink in sydney and newcastle .
at this point batti decided to depart the band and moved to canada to pursue other interests .
she now lives in london , ontario .
following the replacement of batti with new guitarist gregory boulting , skulker toured the east coast of australia and recorded extensive demos of new material that have never been released .
the band members have since decided to go their own ways and pursue further interests .
annette harada has relocated to london , england .
angela blackshaw is now in the sydney band boston shaker and greer skinner is working in journalism as editorial co-ordinator for `` practical parenting '' magazine .
list of ancient european doctors this is an alphabetical list of writers from ancient greece and rome who were doctors , or have left us material that contributes to our knowledge of ancient medicine .
in some cases their names look familiar but are not the same as their famous homonyms -lrb- thus earning them an epithet -rrb- .
viton ® is a brand of synthetic rubber and fluoropolymer elastomer commonly used in o-rings and other moulded or extruded goods .
the name is a registered trademark of dupont performance elastomers l.l.c. .
viton fluoroelastomers are categorized under the astm d0000 & iso 0000 designation of fkm .
this class of elastomers is a family comprising copolymers of hexafluoropropylene -lrb- hfp -rrb- and vinylidene fluoride -lrb- vdf or vf0 -rrb- , terpolymers of tetrafluoroethylene -lrb- tfe -rrb- , vinylidene fluoride -lrb- vdf -rrb- and hexafluoropropylene -lrb- hfp -rrb- as well as perfluoromethylvinylether -lrb- pmve -rrb- containing specialties .
the fluorine content of the most common viton grades varies between 00 and 00 % .
the performance of fluoroelastomers in aggressive chemicals depends on the nature of the base polymer and the compounding ingredients used for moulding the final products -lrb- e.g. o-rings -rrb- .
this performance can vary significantly when end-users purchase viton polymer containing rubber goods from different sources .
viton is generally compatible with hydrocarbons -lrb- an advantage over buna-n , which is the most common o-ring material -rrb- , but incompatible with ketones such as acetone .
o-rings made of viton are typically color coded as black .
viton o-rings have been used safely for some time in the scuba diving world for divers who dive with gas blends referred to as nitrox .
viton is used because it has a lower probability of catching fire , even with the increased percentages of oxygen found in nitrox .
it is also less susceptible to decay under increased oxygen conditions .
the new world catbirds are a group of passerine birds in the family mimidae which also includes mockingbirds and thrashers .
these birds produce a wide variety of sounds including cat-like barks .
they are generally found in brushy habitats .
among the mimidae , these represent basal lineages probably closer to the caribbean thrasher and trembler assemblage than to the mockingbirds and `` toxostoma '' thrashers -lrb- hunt `` et al. '' 0000 , barber `` et al. '' 0000 -rrb- .
the new world catbirds are not to be confused with nor are related to the following four bird species of the family ptilonorhynchidae -lrb- bowerbirds -rrb- .
these also make cat-like sounds : the abyssinian catbird -lrb- `` parophasma galinieri '' -rrb- is another unrelated bird -lrb- an old world babbler -rrb- also named for its voice .
william wilson -lrb- labour politician -rrb- william wilson -lrb- born 00 june 0000 -rrb- is a retired solicitor and labour party politician in the united kingdom .
wilson was educated at coventry technical college and birmingham university .
he served in the british army during world war ii in north africa , italy and greece .
after the war he made several unsuccessful attempts to win the warwick and leamington constituency in 0000 , 0000 , 0000 and 0000 , before being successful in 0000 in coventry south , which he represented -lrb- later as coventry south east -rrb- until retiring from parliament in 0000 .
he also was a warwickshire county councillor from 0000 , being leader of the labour group in the 0000s and from 0000 to 0000 .
wilson was responsible for piloting through parliament the divorce reform act , 0000 which changed the basis for divorce procedures from the old concept of matrimonial offences to that of the irretrievable breakdown of marriage .
einstein 's radius of the universe the aonach eagach -lrb- ; gaelic , ` notched ridge ' -rrb- is a rocky ridge lying to the north of glen coe in the scottish highlands , boasting two munro summits .
it is sometimes known by the somewhat tongue-in-cheek name `` aggy ridge '' .
in length the full ridge continues for 00 km from the pap of glencoe at the west to the eastern end at the `` devil 's staircase '' .
the central section , some 0 km in length , is very rocky and the route along it requires scrambling ability .
the slopes to each side are extremely dangerous , with steep grass and scree slopes hiding even steeper slopes which end in cliffs on both north and south sides of the ridge .
for safety , climbers are strongly advised not to attempt descent of these slopes , but rather to continue along the ridge or reverse their path back along the ridge .
the aonach eagach is usually regarded as the most difficult ` scrambling ' ridge in mainland scotland , though it vies with liathach , and in winter an teallach , for this title .
the aonach eagach is normally tackled from the glen coe -lrb- south -rrb- side in an east -- west traverse .
from allt-na-reigh near the head of glen coe it is possible to ascend grass slopes leading to am bodach -lrb- a subsidiary munro top -rrb- , before continuing eastwards along the ridge to the first munro proper , meal dearg .
from here the summit of sgorr nam fiannaidh lies only two kilometres to the west , but a number of pinnacles must be scrambled over , and it is not uncommon for parties to take more than two hours to cross this seemingly short distance .
there are a couple of sections where the use of a rope may prove prudent .
from sgorr nam fiannaidh , the most direct descent is to head south by southwest , down a steep zig-zag path leading by the side of clachaig gully .
this ` path ' is exceptionally steep and extremely loose in places , and has many small rock steps ; it approaches close to the main gully in several places and so is potentially dangerous -lrb- fatal accidents have occurred here -rrb- .
a gentler alternative is to continue along the ridge , until reaching the bealach between sgorr nam fiannaidh and the pap of glencoe .
from here a track heads down the hillside , ending on the road just outside glencoe village .
it is also possible to retreat approximately 000m east from the summit of sgorr nam fiannaidh and descend directly down the scree slope to loch achtriochtan , taking care to avoid being drawn into gullies further down .
this descent also requires care , particularly near the top , but is still far safer than the clachaig gully descent .
alternatively , the two munros may be bagged individually by simply descending by the route of ascent .
however it is for the traverse that the aonach eagach is best known .
in winter , the ridge is a fine expedition , though considerably harder than in summer -lrb- scottish winter grade i/ii -rrb- , and many parties will go roped for some sections .
because of the short winter days , benightment on the ridge or its approaches is also not infrequent .
a path known as the devil 's staircase crosses the range about 0 km east of meall dearg .
today , as part of the west highland way , it is used primarily by walkers and mountain bikers travelling between kinlochleven and glencoe .
however , in 0000 , it was the approach route for the -lrb- apparently delayed -rrb- troops coming from kinlochleven to provide reinforcements for the massacre of glencoe .
marion ross -lrb- born october 00 , 0000 -rrb- is a golden globe-nominated american actress .
born marian ross in albert lea , minnesota , she grew up there , and in nearby waconia and willmar .
at the age of 00 , she changed the spelling of her name from `` marian '' to `` marion '' because she thought it would look better on a marquee .
after completing her sophomore year in high school , she moved to minneapolis , minnesota and worked as an `` au pair '' while studying drama at the macphail center for the arts , and attending southwest high school .
a year later , her family moved to san diego , california .
ross enrolled in san diego state university , where she was named the school 's most outstanding actress .
after graduation in 0000 , she performed in summer theater in la jolla , california .
the director was impressed by her talent , and recommended that she try for work in cinema .
ross made her 0000 film debut in `` forever female '' , starring ginger rogers and william holden .
she found steady work in film , appearing in `` the glenn miller story '' -lrb- 0000 -rrb- , `` sabrina '' -lrb- 0000 -rrb- , and `` operation petticoat '' -lrb- 0000 -rrb- .
her career on television began in 0000 , when she played the irish maid on the series `` life with father '' for two years .
her list of credits spans the history of classic tv , from `` the george burns and gracie allen show '' , `` love boat '' and `` night court '' .
ross ' most famous role was in the long-running series `` happy days '' from 0000 to 0000 , in which she played `` marion cunningham '' , ritchie , chuck and joanie 's mother , also known as `` mrs. c. '' she later starred in the short-lived but critically acclaimed drama `` brooklyn bridge '' , which ran on cbs in the early 0000s .
ross has acted on broadway and on film , but she prefers doing tv .
in recent years , she played recurring roles as drew carey 's mother , on `` the drew carey show '' ; as evil bernice forman on `` that '00s show '' ; and as lorelai `` trix '' gilmore , on `` the gilmore girls '' .
she also frequently appears on `` hollywood squares '' and did voiceovers for `` grandma squarepants '' on `` spongebob squarepants '' .
in an episode that aired on january 00 , 0000 , she guest starred as nora -lrb- sally field -rrb- and saul 's not-so-loving mother , ida , who makes an unwelcome visit to celebrate a milestone in her daughter 's life on the abc drama `` brothers & sisters '' .
ross lives in los angeles , california with actor paul michael .
her two adult children also work in entertainment : jim meskimen 's credits include `` how the grinch stole christmas '' and appearances on `` whose line is it anyway ? ''
, and ellen plummer was a writer/producer on `` friends '' .
françoise dorléac -lrb- march 00 , 0000 -- june 00 , 0000 -rrb- was a popular french actress .
born in paris , she was the daughter of screen actor maurice dorléac and renée deneuve , and the elder sister of the now better-known catherine deneuve .
the two sisters starred together in the 0000 musical , `` les demoiselles de rochefort '' .
she was made famous by philippe de broca 's movie `` l'homme de rio '' , françois truffaut 's `` la peau douce '' and roman polański 's `` cul-de-sac '' , but her career was cut short by her death in a car crash at the age of 00 .
francoise dorléac was killed when she lost control of the rented renault 00 she was driving and hit a sign post ten kilometers from nice at the end of the esterel-côte d'azur motorway .
the car flipped over , and burst into flames .
she had been `` en route '' to nice airport and was afraid of missing her flight .
dorléac was seen struggling to get out of the car , but was unable to open the door .
police later identified her body only from the fragment of a cheque book , a diary and her driving license .
dorléac had intended to fly to paris , then on to london to complete work on the film `` billion-dollar brain '' .
she was then to have stayed in britain for the premiere of `` the young girls of rochefort '' .
shafrira goldwasser -lrb- born 0000 -rrb- is the rsa professor of electrical engineering and computer science at mit , and a professor of mathematical sciences at the weizmann institute of science , israel .
born in new york city , she obtained her b.s. -lrb- 0000 -rrb- in mathematics from carnegie mellon university , and m.s. -lrb- 0000 -rrb- and ph.d -lrb- 0000 -rrb- in computer science from uc berkeley .
she joined mit in 0000 , and in 0000 became the first holder of the rsa professorship .
she is a member of the theory of computation group at mit computer science and artificial intelligence laboratory .
goldwasser 's research areas include complexity theory , cryptography and computational number theory .
she is the co-inventor of zero-knowledge proofs , which probabilistically and interactively demonstrate the validity of an assertion without conveying any additional knowledge , and are a key tool in the design of cryptographic protocols .
her work in complexity theory includes the classification of approximation problems , showing that some problems in np remain hard even when only an approximate solution is needed .
for these groundbreaking results , goldwasser has twice won the gödel prize in theoretical computer science : first in 0000 -lrb- for '' `` the knowledge complexity of interactive proof systems '' '' -rrb- , and again in 0000 -lrb- for '' `` interactive proofs and the hardness of approximating cliques '' '' -rrb- .
other awards include the acm grace murray hopper award -lrb- 0000 -rrb- for outstanding young computer professional of the year and the rsa award in mathematics -lrb- 0000 -rrb- for outstanding mathematical contributions to cryptography .
in 0000 she was elected to the american academy of arts and sciences , in 0000 she was elected to the national academy of science , and in 0000 to the national academy of engineering .
she was selected as an iacr fellow in 0000 .
josé maria ferreira de castro -lrb- oliveira de azeméis , may 00 0000 - oporto , june 00 0000 -rrb- was a portuguese writer and journalist .
at age 00 , he immigrated to brazil , where his work at a rubber plantation for the next four years would be the inspiration for his most famous book , `` a selva '' -lrb- 0000 ; `` the jungle '' ; filmed 0000 -rrb- .
he returned to portugal in 0000 , and started working as a journalist .
he was a noted oppositionist to antónio de oliveira salazar .
he was also famous for his travel literature , namely his book `` a volta ao mundo '' , recounting his travels around the world in the outset of world war ii .
a strigil was a small , curved , metal tool used in ancient greece and rome to scrape dirt and sweat from the body , -lrb- in the age before effective soaps -rrb- .
first perfumed oil was applied to the skin , and then it would be scraped off , along with the dirt .
for wealthier people , this process was often done by slaves .
strigils were often used in roman baths .
kings of leon are a rock band made up of three brothers and one cousin , based in mt. juliet , tennessee .
their influences include southern rock , indie rock , and blues styles .
the group 's name is derived from nathan , caleb , and jared 's father and grandfather , both named jared and caleb were born in tennessee , while nathan and matthew were born in oklahoma .
the brothers spent much of their youth travelling around the american south with their father , a traveling united pentecostal church preacher and their mother , who taught them when they were not in school .
according to `` rolling stone '' magazine , `` while leon preached at churches and tent revivals throughout the deep south , the boys attended and were occasionally enlisted to bang on some drums .
they were home-schooled or enrolled in small parochial schools .
dean and pete of jingo madness greatly influenced the followills .
except for a five-year stretch when they settled in jackson , tennessee , the followills spent their childhoods driving through the south in a purple 0000 oldsmobile , decamping for a week or two wherever leon was scheduled to preach . ''
although it was rumoured their father , leon , was `` defrocked '' , in an article for q magazine in july 0000 leon himself was quoted as saying `` i was not defrocked , i resigned . ''
leon and his wife divorced in 0000 and after various jobs , the brothers moved to nashville in 0000 .
they formed a band in 0000 with their cousin matthew .
their music is influenced by their religious upbringing and their southern roots and also other musicians , including matthew r. hudson who played the drums in a similar fashion to that of nathan .
brothers nathan and caleb originally sang country music and dance electro and later moved to playing rock and roll .
they worked for a brief period of time with label and management group `` pistol creek productions '' .
they spent their time with this label mainly singing at rodeos .
they also were members of the west tennessee mass choir for a short time .
nathan , the eldest of the brothers , graduated from christian life academy -lrb- a private school that is now defunct -rrb- in henderson , tn .
caleb dropped out mid-senior year to pursue country music .
upon signing with rca , they were introduced to nashville-based song-writer/producer angelo petraglia , who had previously worked with artists such as brooks & dunn , trisha yearwood and martina mcbride .
petraglia would prove very important to the band , moving them in a more rock-oriented direction and co-writing many of their songs .
`` i turned those guys on to the rolling stones and a lot of the older raw rock-and-roll stuff , '' he caleb , whose first name is anthony , is known as `` tony '' to the rest of the band and his closest friends .
to date kings of leon have sold an estimated 00 million units worldwide of all three albums youth and young manhood , aha shake heartbreak and because of the times respectively .
making them one of the most commercially successful new bands to hit the scene in decades .
and with kings of leon 's 0th `` yet untitled '' album set for release in 0000 more success could follow for the kings of leon in the next 00 months .
`` holy roller novocaine '' and `` youth and young manhood '' .
kings of leon 's first release , the `` holy roller novocaine ep '' came out in 0000 .
four of its five songs would later be released on `` youth and young manhood '' , with the songs `` california waiting '' and `` wasted time '' being remade .
the ep also contained the b-side `` wicker chair '' .
all the songs were co-written by petraglia .
their debut album `` youth and young manhood '' propelled them to relative stardom , particularly outside the united states , where they were dubbed one of the driving forces behind the so-called `` new rock revolution '' by the european press .
their stakes only rose when they were chosen by popular rock bands the strokes and u0 to tour with them .
the title of the album was taken from their father 's bible according to jared .
all songs were again co-written by petraglia , who also contributed guitar and co-produced the album with ethan johns .
the songs `` molly 's chambers '' , `` red morning light '' , and `` holy roller novocaine '' were used in various video games , movies , and tv advertisements .
the first single , `` molly 's chambers '' became a minor hit overseas .
the band 's second album `` aha shake heartbreak '' was released in the united kingdom in october 0000 and in the united states in february 0000 .
building on the southern-infused garage rock of their first album , the album was released to widespread acclaim and broadened the band 's domestic and international audience .
`` the bucket '' , `` four kicks '' , and `` king of the rodeo '' were all released as singles , with the `` the bucket '' rising into the top 00 in britain .
the band also garnered accolades from several of their rock peers , including noel gallagher of oasis , eddie vedder of pearl jam , and bob dylan .
the band toured with pearl jam and bob dylan for much of 0000 and 0000 .
in march 0000 , it was announced by `` nme '' that kings of leon were back in the studio , working on their third album .
drummer nathan followill told nme.com : `` man , we 're sitting on a bunch of songs right now that we wish we could let the world hear ! ''