knightmare chess is a fantasy chess variant published by steve jackson games -lrb- sjg -rrb- in 0000 .
it is a translation of a french game `` tempête sur l'échiquier '' -lrb- '' `` storm on the chessboard '' '' -rrb- , designed by pierre cléquin and bruno faidutti .
`` knightmare chess '' is played with cards that change the default rules of chess .
the cards might change how a piece moves , move opponent 's pieces , create special squares on the board or otherwise alter the game .
for example , a card called demotion says : there are two sets of cards sold separately , both consisting of 00 cards .
the sets are known as `` knightmare chess 0 '' and `` knightmare chess 0 '' but there 's nothing at all to prevent one from just shuffling both decks into one 000 card deck .
sjg also sells blank cards , to be customized as the player wishes , in packs of 00 .
the graphics in the english version of the `` knightmare chess '' cards are dark fantasy style , nightmarish -lrb- hence the pun `` knightmare '' -rrb- color paintings by brazilian artist rogerio vilela .
the french original version had a cartoonish tone , unlike the english version , and the cards in the french original version are also different from the english version .
another innovation of the american version is to include rules for `` dueling deck '' play , where each player has his own customized deck , possibly built from multiple copies of the set if desired .
in sjg 's version , each card is marked with a point cost .
the total chaotic power of one 's personal deck can be measured in the sum of the points of all cards in the deck .
for a balanced game each player uses the same point total , or a stronger player can use a lower point total as a handicap .
cards which are too powerful to appear more than once per side are marked with an asterisk , indicating that a player can only put one copy of that specific card in his deck .
see for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags , and the template below .
methven is a small town in the canterbury region of the south island of new zealand .
it is located near the western edge of the canterbury plains , 00 kilometres north of ashburton .
it was originally the railhead of a short branch railway off the main south line .
branching off from rakaia , the methven branch travelled through lauriston and lyndhurst to methven and operated from 0000 until 0000 .
it is a rural service town throughout the year , but undergoes a stark transformation in winter .
mount hutt skifield is around half an hour away from methven , the closest town .
as such , a number of cafes , bars , and restaurants lie relatively dormant over the summer months .
similarly , the town 's accommodation providers have a strongly seasonal trade .
in addition to skiing , another popular attraction is hot air ballooning .
methven also served as a base to cast and crew for the filming of edoras -lrb- located further inland -rrb- , for the lord of the rings .
the panharmonicon was a musical instrument invented in the 0000s by johann nepomuk mälzel , a contemporary and friend of beethoven .
beethoven apparently composed his piece `` wellington 's victory '' -lrb- op. 00 -rrb- to be played on this behemoth mechanical orchestral organ to commemorate arthur wellesley 's victory over the french at the battle of vitoria in 0000 .
neville southall mbe -lrb- born september 00 , 0000 in llandudno , wales -rrb- is a professional footballer , currently playing for rhyl in the welsh league .
southall 's career spanned much of the 0000s and 0000s .
southall entered the game relatively late , and before becoming a professional worked as a binman , waiter and hod carrier .
most famously he played for everton where he made a club record 000 league appearances -lrb- over 000 in all competitions -rrb- and won two football league championships , two fa cups and a european cup winners cup .
he also played internationally for wales , winning 00 caps : another record .
he had something of a love affair with everton , enjoying early success in the 0000s , whilst he was perhaps the figurehead of everton 's gloom in the 0000s .
indeed , during the opening match of the 0000 -- 00 season , he famously sat down during a `` sulking session '' against a goalpost at half-time whilst his teammates were still in the changing rooms during a surprise 0 -- 0 home defeat to newly promoted leeds united -lrb- it may be worth mentioning that everton did pull back from three goals down `` but '' everton were trailing by those three goals at half-time -rrb- .
a lasting image which epitomised the era .
this was a turbulent time for southall as he handed in several transfer requests throughout the season and did so further on in his everton career .
however he remained a constant fixture for the blues and his loyalty was rewarded in 0000 when he turned in a man of the match performance to thwart manchester united in the fa cup final and claim his first silverware for eight years .
southall was also given a testimonial against celtic in 0000 for his services to everton .
he also has played for winsford united , bury , bradford city , stoke city , rhyl , southend united , york city , shrewsbury town , huddersfield town , doncaster rovers , and torquay united .
he was voted footballer of the year in 0000 , extremely rare for a goalkeeper , and awarded the m.b.e in 0000 .
after his football career , neville southall had coaching experience with the welsh national squad , dagenham & redbridge , dover athletic , canvey island and molesey before finally going into management at hastings united in 0000 .
he was sacked as hastings ' manager in 0000 with the hastings ' chairman saying that `` there have recently been an increasing number of issues on which neville and i have disagreed and it had got to the point where our working relationship had broken down , beyond the point of repair , as far as i was concerned '' .
in november 0000 , paul merson remarkably revealed that he had approached southall and ex-england goalkeeper david seaman to perform in an fa cup game at merthyr tydfil as their two first choice goalkeepers , joe murphy and andy oakes , were unavailable .
however , southall turned this offer down .
on 00 july 0000 , rhyl football club 's website revealed that southall has made an incredible return to football , returning back to his former club at the age of 00 .
it has been confirmed that he will join rhyl on a 0 month deal .
his stability on the pitch was in sharp contrast to a tumultuous private life .
after a string of affairs , he walked out on his wife and family .
in december 0000 , southall recovered the medals and trophies he had previously given to his teenage daughter , following successful legal action through the liverpool courts .
his daughter , a student , is now left with a legal bill of # 0,000 .
the shorts tucano t mk 0 is a two seat turboprop basic trainer used by the raf .
it is also used by the air forces of kenya and kuwait .
the shorts tucano was developed by the british short brothers company in order to meet a requirement to replace the jet provost as the basic trainer for the raf , as laid down in air staff target 000 .
it is an adaptation of the embraer tucano fitted with the more powerful 0000 shp garrett turboprop engine in place of the tucano 's 000 shp pratt & whitney canada pt0 engine , to give higher performance , particularly at low level .
aside from a different powerplant , the other differences between the short tucano and the embraer tucano are : the tucano was selected in 0000 in preference to the swiss pilatus pc-0 , the british hunting firecracker and the australian aircraft consortium wamira .
the first garrett engined tucano flew in brazil on 00 february 0000 , with the first shorts built production aircraft flying on 00 december 0000 .
the decision to replace the 000 pt-0 engine used in the standard embraer model with the 0000shp garrett engine and `` bird-strike '' proofing of the cockpit canopy to uk standards -lrb- combined with the fitting of martin baker ejection seats -rrb- caused a number of problems which delayed the introduction of the aircraft , so that it was 0000 by the time it came into service .
in service the tucano has proven to be 00 % cheaper to operate than its predecessor .
it has a greater range and endurance than the jet provost which allows it to fly two consecutive sorties before being refuelled .
wilhelm oswald lohse -lrb- february 00,0000 -- may 00,0000 -rrb- was a german astronomer .
he first worked at the botham observatory , and starting in 0000 at the potsdam astrophysical observatory , being its chief astronomer at the time of his death .
craters on mars and on the moon were named in his honor .
square one television -lrb- sometimes referred to as square one -rrb- was a children 's television show produced by the children 's television workshop to teach mathematics and abstract mathematical concepts to young viewers .
created and broadcast by pbs in the united states from 0000 to 0000 , the show was intended to address the so-called `` math crisis '' among american schoolchildren .
it has since been rated tv-y0 .
the show was revived for the 0000-0000 pbs season as a teacher instruction program , `` square one tv math talk '' .
`` square one '' was also shown on the u.s. cable television channel noggin in syndication beginning in 0000 , but was removed from its lineup along with other children 's television workshop shows on may 00 , 0000 .
`` square one '' comprised short sketches that introduced and applied concepts in mathematics such as counting , combinatorics , vulgar fractions , estimation , probability , and geometry .
the sketches featured regular characters and were mainly parodies of pop culture icons or popular television shows : university of michigan athletics .
the number of references to the michigan wolverines that appeared in the show leaves little doubt that the people behind the show counted fans of the school among their ranks .
in fact , executive producer david connell and head writer jim thurman were both michigan graduates .
among the funders of `` square one '' were the national science foundation and the corporation for public broadcasting were the only permanent funders for `` square one '' .
ibm funded the show for season 0 only , and viewers like you -lrb- public television viewers -rrb- funded the show for seasons 0 and 0 only .
the cordillera huayhuash is a mountain range in the andes of peru .
aligned north to south , the main range of some twenty peaks stretches for approximately 00 km , with a subsidiary range of smaller peaks stretching out to the west for approximately 00 km .
six of the peaks exceed 0000 m. included among them are yerupajá -lrb- 0000 m -rrb- , the second highest mountain in peru -lrb- behind huascarán at 0000 m -rrb- , and siula grande -lrb- 0000 m -rrb- , made famous by joe simpson in `` touching the void '' .
there are many lesser peaks surrounding those covered by ice , and several passes exceeding 0000 m .
it is necessary to travel a considerable distance from the central range to find ground lower than 0000 m , even on valley floors , and the cordillera huayhuash is often taken to include this much larger area .
the area is barely populated at all , with what hamlets there are being very small and generally only found below 0000 m -lrb- the snowline is found at approximately 0000 m -rrb- .
the nearest villages are chiquián -lrb- 0000 m -rrb- and cajatambo -lrb- 0000 m -rrb- .
some mining takes place in the area , so to the north of the mountains there is an unsurfaced road leading up to as high as 0000 m .
in 0000 the peruvian ministry of agriculture declared the huayhuash a `` reserved zone '' and prohibited certain economic activities , including any future mining .
the range has become noted for trekking in the form of the huayhuash circuit , which is considered quite a challenge and is undoubtedly far more demanding than the famous inca trail in the south of peru .
fewer people trek the huayhuash than the nearby cordillera blanca .
the circuit generally takes between ten and fourteen days , depending on the route taken .
most of the walking , and most of the campsites , are above the 0000 m tree line , so the landscape appears rugged and mountainous , affording views over very wide areas .
the area is noted for its spectacular glacial lakes .
hot springs can also be found in the area .
condors , llamas , alpacas and viscachas can be seen .
trekking is almost always undertaken in the dry winter months of may to september , and the large town of huaraz over 000 km away is the usual choice for a base , with chiquián acting as the `` gateway to the huayhuash '' .
it is possible to penetrate into the mountains as far as the village of llamac -lrb- 0000 m -rrb- , reached by road built in the late 0000s .
until the group 's effective defeat in 0000 the cordillera huayhuash was used as a remote base by the shining path .
in the late 0000s a party of european trekkers were robbed and ordered to return to huaraz with the message that future intruders would be killed .
the remains of a guerrilla camp can be seen near laguna viconga .
two foreign trekkers are known to have been murdered in cajatambo in august 0000 , though this is thought to have been motivated by robbery .
four hikers who resisted armed robbery were shot in 0000 , one dying of blood loss before rescue .
since this last incident , the local communities began to charge a `` protection '' fee for passing in the private properties .
since then , the area is considered generally safe .
only named peaks are included in this list .
most names are of quechua origin boy rooster oracle sage wizard bird crane lad.